 (also Hleileh, Huleileh, Arabic سمير حليلة), born in Kuwait in 1957, is the Chief Executive Officer of Palestine Development and Investment Ltd. (PADICO) Palestine. After receiving an MA in Economics from the 
 (27 February 1903 -- 7 July 1980) was an English-born actor in film and television and a graduate of the 
 did research at the 
 was born on a Butler County, Ohio farm, where he stayed his first 21 years. He entered 
 where he played four seasons of NCAA Division I ice hockey with the New Hampshire Wildcats men's ice hockey team. A star player for the Wildcats, Smith has been honoured with the 
 grew up on on the Upper West Side, the daughter of Michael and Cheryl Gerson. She was a student at the 
 was born on 12 February 1873 in Copenhagen, the son of Sophus Hagen, a composer and music editor, and Serine Johanne Frederikke Klingsey. He completed a mason's apprenticeship in 1894 before attending a technical school to prepare for the Art Academy. In 1897 he was admitted to the 
 obtained a PhD from the 
 (c. 1583-1642) was a composer for the lute, and writer on alchemy. Born at Wetter in Hesse, he went on to study theology and medicine at the 
 (born 1972) is a Peruvian playwright and screenwriter. He is a graduate of 
 in Pensacola, Florida, where he was an excellent student with a perfect 4.0 GPA and a 27 on the ACT exam. Considered a four-star recruit by Rivals.com, Johnson was listed as the No. 17 offensive tackle prospect in the nation. He was drafted 98th overall in the third round of the 2010 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons. On June 19, the Atlanta Falcons signed 
 is also an alumnus of the 
 (aka, Edward) is an American director/writer/producer/editor. He is a graduate of the 
 (; born December 13, 1982 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American football center for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League. He was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Wisconsin. He played high school football at 
 is currently a student at 
 student 
 in 1961 and worked for the Boeing Corporation. In addition to furthering his education and starting a new career, he was involved in several veterans groups within the Seattle and Tacoma area. He died in Tacoma on January 18, 1998 at age 90 and is buried at Mountain View Memorial Park in Tacoma, Washington. He was survived by his three children, including retired Sergeant First Class 
 in Michigan. Jennifer is a native of Allen Park, MI, a Downriver community in Metro Detroit. Radio interview with 
 and his wife, Polly. The elder Mathews would later serve twice as Governor of Georgia. In 1785, the elder Mathews moved himself and his whole family to Wilkes County, Georgia in land that today is in Oglethorpe County. Mathews returned to Virginia for his education at Liberty Hall Academy (which later became 
 alumnus 
 (born 1970) is an anchor and host of SqueezePlay at BNN: Business News Network (previously Report on Business Television) and formerly anchor of Stars and Dogs, After Hours and Talking Tax. Since starting with the channel in 2001, she has worked in a number of capacities including anchor, markets editor and technology reporter. Prior to ROBTV/BNN, Parlee worked with CBC Newsworld, worked in strategy and finance with a number of blue chip companies in Canada and abroad, and taught marketing at Dalhousie University. Parlee holds an International MBA from the 
 was born in the Lviv region, then part of Austria-Hungary, in 1877. He completed law school at the 
 (March 16, 1980 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker. He was drafted by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the fifth round of the 2002 CFL Draft. He played high school football at 
 (born 1957, Amsterdam) (sometimes listed as Eric Borgman) is a Dutch professor of systematic theology at the University of Tilburg, the Netherlands. At the 
, whom she had met as a fellow student at 
 was born in St. Louis, Missouri, to Thomas Joseph and Mary (née Begley) Cody. His father was an Irish immigrant who became deputy chief of the St Louis Fire Department. After attending Holy Rosary Parochial School, he entered St. Louis Preparatory Seminary at age 13. He remained at St. Louis until 1926, when he was sent to continue his studies at the 
 (born , in Bossier City, Louisiana) is an American professional basketball player, 6'5`` tall, at the shooting guard position, formerly in the NBA. He played collegiately 2 seasons (1986/87-1987/88) at Eastern Oklahoma State College (community college) and then 2 seasons (1988/89-1989/90) at the 
 was born at Rosendal manor in Malmöhus County, as the son of Governor Count Fredrik Posse and Baroness Magdalena Charlotta Bennet. In 1835 he enrolled at 
 in England, but after the death of his father the family decided to emigrate to Western Australia. 
 is a linguist born in Mbaya-Lareme in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He is the Frank J. McLoraine Distinguished Service Professor of linguistics at the 
, then moved to San Francisco in 1962, where he played with John Handy (1964-66). He toured with The 5th Dimension in 1968 and worked with Gary Burton in 1968-69. In addition to recording his own album in 1967, he led a country-blues-jazz-rock ensemble, the 
 at Dartmouth, United Kingdom where he certified as a surface warfare officer. In 1975, Sandila gained B.B.A. in Business Administration and again commissioned in the Naval Operations Branch as a Sub-Lieutenant in the Navy. 
 is a graduate of the 
 (born September 9, 1973) is a retired American football Defensive specialist/Wide receiver. He played college football at 
: A Vodou Priestess in Brooklyn (originally published in 1991; revised, updated, and republished in 2001; a third edition, containing a new preface by Claudine Michel, was published in 2011). She earned a Bachelor of Arts from 
 is an American violinist, the daughter of pianist Victor Aller. She was a student of violinist Jascha Heifetz at the 
 (or Dick Lesh as he is commonly known to colleagues and friends) is a professor of Learning Sciences, Cognitive Science, and Mathematics Education at 
 (b 1963, Alexandria, Louisiana) is a composer, traditional Irish fiddler, and Professor of Composition at the 
, also professionally known as JD, (born in 1976 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American photographer, art director and 
 was born in Canada. Originally from Slovakia, her father and mother (from Bohemia) fled the Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia to settle in Israel in 1949, moving to Canada in 1952. (Her father was a passenger on the ill fated Pentcho which left Bratislava in 1939 and was shiprwrecked in the Aegean Sea in 1940, after which the passengers were rescued by the Italians and eventually taken to the Ferramonti Di Tarsi internment camp in the Consenza Province, Italy.) Kohn was awarded a Diploma in Social Work from Ryerson Polytechnical Institute, then achieved an Hon.B.A. in Sociology and Religion at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. Rachael then earned an M.A. (Rabbinic Thought and the New Testament) and a Ph.D. (Sociology and History of Religion) in Religious Studies from Canada's 
 went to school at the 
, an actress famous for her role as snobbish yuppie Linda Phillips on the sitcom Duet and its spinoff, Open House, is an alumnus of 
. Columbus area collaborators Kristy Venrick of The Azoic and Steve Creighton of The Wake helped him establish California musical contacts. By 2001, 
 is a fourth generation Coloradoan who was born and raised in Grand Junction and has lived there most of his life. After the untimely death of his father, when Bernie was 15 years old, Bernie's mother, Vickey Buescher, worked hard to put her three children through college and her example taught them that through hard work they could achieve their goals. While at 
 was the son of a Samuel Cooke, from Bookham in Surrey. He was baptised on 12 September 1779. Cooke matriculated at the 
 () is an American football coach. He served as head coach at his alma mater, 
 was a graduate of the 
 (born May 16, 1950) is an American college football coach. He served as the head coach at the University of Nebraska at Omaha from 1994 through the program being discontinued in March 2011, and was also the head coach of the University of North Dakota Fighting Sioux football team from 1980 to 1985. He is a 1972 graduate of 
 (February 3, 1853 -- March 11, 1930) was an American railroad executive. He was a 1873 graduate of the 
 who is a graduate of the 
 and showed an interest in poster design. In July 1917, in the midst of the First World War his Red Cross poster earned an honorable mention at the Art Institute's Exhibition of Posters for National Service. He created several posters for a series commissioned by the Chicago Transit Authority in the early 1920s. Metzl's posters, The Evanston Lighthouse by the Elevated Lines and The Field Museum by the Elevated Lines (featuring a toucan) are still reproduced today. A 2004 exhibit in Chicago featured several of Metzl's transit posters, and the Chicago Tribune art critic commented, ``The boldest pieces, because they are the simplest in form and most lively in color, are by 
 was a 
. Her father at one time owned a cinema in Silvertown, east London. She was not related to the late actor Marty Feldman, as has been misreported. 
 (; born September 12, 1993 in Bangkok, Thailand) is an Indian figure skater. She is the 2007-2008 season Indian bronze medalist. Her family is from India, and Munshi has also lived in Sydney, Australia, before moving with her family to the United States. Since August 2008, she is a student at William P. 
 (born May 4, 1956) is a developer for PGP Corporation, and was the 2nd developer hired after Phil Zimmerman. In his early career, he is credited as lead developer on several console games (Adventures of Tron, Armor Ambush, Astroblast, Space Attack). He is a 1979 graduate of the 
 enrolled at the 
 naturally was a leftist already as a student at the 
 with the Benny Goodman Scholarship to the prestigious 
 (born March 23, 1974) is a former NFL linebacker who grew up in Seymour, TN where he played football, basketball and baseball at 
 (born October 10, 1986) is an American football offensive tackle for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League. He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2010. He played college football at 
, majoring in Marketing and Montclair State College, where she majored in Liberal Arts. She worked professionally as President and Accounting Executive of 
 first trained at the 
 was born in 1923 in Auckland, New Zealand. He served in the Australian army in World War II. He earned LL.B. and LL.M. degrees at the 
(b.1915 -2001), a graduate from 
 (born November 25, 1964 in Cascade, Iowa) is the current Creighton University Bluejays men's basketball head coach. He left Iowa State University as the head basketball coach in Ames, Iowa. He took the job at Iowa State University as of March 21, 2006. McDermott is a graduate of the 
 was born in Vienna and began composing during his childhood. In 1976 he began his professional studies with Erich Urbanner at the 
, until in 1806, at age thirteen, he went to the 
 (born October 14, 1976 in Windsor, Ontario) was a Canadian football defensive back for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the third round of the 2000 CFL Draft. He played college football at 
 in order to study engineering. During his years at Georgia Tech, Mayer pitched on the Yellow Jackets baseball team. In , after three years of school, Mayer left Georgia Tech to pursue a career in professional baseball. He was not the only one in his family to pursue a career in baseball. Sam Mayer, 
 (born September 2, 1947) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at North Dakota State University from 1985 to 1986 and at Montana State University -- Bozeman from 1987 to 1991, compiling a career college football record of 39--42--1. Solomonson won back-to-back NCAA Division II National Football Championships with the North Dakota State Bison in 1985 and 1986. He played college football at 
, a graduate of the 
 was born in Washington, D.C. and grew up in Chevy Chase, MD. He is an alumnus of Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School and 
 (born May 2, 1986) is an American football tight end for the Spokane Shock of the Arena Football League. Following his college career at 
 (1866--1933), born in Aldershot, England, was a cytogeneticist who developed the iron-acetocarmine staining technique which is used in the study of chromosomes. He entered Mason College at the 
 was born in 1819 in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. He entered 
, He was exposed to stand up comedy by working at the comedy club Caroline's in New York City. The first time he ever got on stage was at Stand Up New York on September 30, 1997. Steve spent the first seven years of his stand up career cutting his teeth as a stand up in NYC. He was notorious for being absolutely obsessed with getting up on stage as much as he could. He's been cited as saying he spent those seven years working seven days a week, working every single night he could, including New Years, Christmas, etc., doing as many sets as possible. In 2003, he filmed the documentary film, 13 or Bust where he did 13 shows in one night at every comedy club in Manhattan, breaking the record for most sets in one night by a comedian. It is available on iTunes as a podcast for free. In 2006 Comedy Central aired Steve's first half hour special, Comedy Central Presents 
, OC (born 22 November 1923) is a Canadian film director. His filmography includes 33 major studio releases, including the 1970 film Love Story. A film festival in Hiller's name was held each spring from 2006 until 2009 at his alma mater, 
 is an Italian astronomer. He was born in 1965 and did undergraduate work at the 
, who had been his fellow student at the 
, where he met future partner 
 is an International Evangelist http://www.dglobe.com/articles/index.cfm?id=11036&section=lifestyle&freebie_check&CFID=28632250&CFTOKEN=70029218&jsessionid=8830a408d79a43b6e6bb based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He is founder and president of Shine in the World International Ministries (SWIM). He was born in Western Kenya near the agricultural town of Kitale on November 17, 1972. Sammy relocated to Minnesota in 1998 from where he carries out his global ministry. He is described by peers and prominent evangelical leaders as one of the leading emerging world evangelists. He takes a holistic approach to evangelism campaigning and promoting ideas on leadership, good governance, and economic and business empowerment as integral to the gospel of Jesus Christ. He has taken the message of Hope to more than a million people on four continents in countries such as India, Kenya, Rwanda, DR Congo, Malawi, Botswana, around the United States and in Europe. He holds ``Festivals of Hope'' and ``Leadership and Good Governance'' conferences for religious, political and business leaders. He is a graduate of 
 enrolled at 
 (June 30, 1882 -- January 1963) was an All-American basketball player at the 
 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. A version was performed at Carnegie Mellon in 1970, with several of the cast members from the CMU Music Department. Tebelak then directed the show, with much of the student cast, for a two-week, ten performance run at La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club (aka Cafe la Mama), New York City, opening February 24, 1971. It was brought to the attention of producers Edgar Lansbury (brother of Angela Lansbury) and Joseph Beruh by Carnegie alumnus 
 was a graduate of 
 entered at the 
 was termed as 'Mumbai's Marketer' by the Economist magazine in 1998. He is currently based in Dubai, where he was arrested for fraud in 2009 and then acquitted of all charges 2010. He is currently the Chief Executive Officer of SKAİ, a Dubai-based real estate investment firm that launched operations in 2011. Previously, Mr. Mulchandani served at Baron International and Baron Electronics, two Mumbai-based, family-owned firms that specialised in the distribution and sale of consumer electronics. He pursued his undergraduate studies at 
 entered at the 
, a 
 of the University of Minnesota specializes in the economic and social history of the British colonies in North America. He earned his Ph.D. at the 
 is an experimental physicist at the Raman Research Institute, Bangalore, who works in the areas of nonlinear optics and ultra-fast spectroscopy. He completed his PhD from 
, Ph.D., is an assistant professor in the department of political science at the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. Dr. Richter obtained his Ph.D. from 
 is a director and acting teacher in the American theatre. He trained for the theatre at the 
, a graduate of 
 (born April 1, 1977 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American professional basketball player who gained national attention during his collegiate career at 
 is a Professor of Physics at the University of California, San Diego. He is the project investigator for the Apache Point Observatory Lunar Laser-ranging Operation Project. Professor Murphy completed his Ph.D in Astrophysics at the California Institute of Technology after which he completed a postdoc at the 
 is an American reporter, blogger, political activist, and graduate of the 
 (soccer coach). Ray Woodard (born August 20, 1961) is a former American football defensive tackle and current head coach at Lamar University. He was hired on May 19, 2008 to resurrect the Lamar Cardinals football program that was discontinued in 1989. Woodard played college football at 
 is a Professor in the Faculty of Education at 
, first female graduate of 
 got his Ph.D. from 
 is of Italian descent and spent the majority of her early life travelling throughout Australia with her family, attending a large number of schools. After completing her high school certificate, Miranda enrolled at 
 is a professor at the Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI) in Amsterdam and the University of Leiden. He obtained his PhD from the 
 has been a general assignment reporter for KTTV Fox 11 in Los Angeles since 1993. He now serves as the station's Orange County Bureau Chief. He has won several local area Emmy awards for his work in broadcasting. Prior to KTTV, he worked as an anchor and reporter from 1992-93 at KMOV-TV, the CBS affiliate in St. Louis. He was a reporter/anchor at the Fox affiliate WSVN-TV in Miami from 1990-91. Naipo was a reporter at KSDK-TV, the NBC station in St. Louis from 1985-90. He also worked as a reporter at the NBC affiliate WEEK-TV (1983-85) in Peoria, IL and at WTOL, where he was the Washington, DC-based correspondent for the CBS station in Toledo, Ohio. Naipo started his career in 1982 as news director, producer and anchor at KSCR-AM, the 
 is a graduate of 
 was born in 1852 at Flensburg in Schleswig-Holstein which at the time was part of the Kingdom of Denmark. He was the son of Christian August Ferdinand Hedemann, an eminent surgeon in the Danish army, and Caroline Amalie Cloos. After attending primary school in Næstved, he continued his education at 
 trained at the 
 (born April 7, 1925) is an American economist and media analyst with a specialty in corporate and regulatory issues as well as political economy and the media. He is Professor Emeritus of Finance at the Wharton School of the 
, D.D., S.T.D. (September 25, 1779 -- January 5, 1844), sixth child of Rev. David Bolles, was born at Ashford, Connecticut. He was an 1801 graduate of 
 but soon accepted an offer to join the Eddie Lane Orchestra on a full-time basis. Four years later, he formed a two-piano team with Gil Bowers and played at Le Ruban Bleu when it opened. Solo engagements followed at upscale bars and supper clubs like the Algonquin, the Blue Angel, and Tony's on West 52nd Street. In the late 1930s and early 1940s, Walter explored other musical surroundings: as pit pianist with the Jerome Kern musical ``Very Warm for May,'' as accompanist for Mabel Mercer and Greta Keller, and as leader of his own orchestra at the night club La Martinique. He briefly ran his own club, 
 is the director of the 
 (born 1979) is a Greek-American sportscaster born in Paramus, New Jersey. He is a graduate of 
 (1927--1972) was a Fijian social anthropologist who was a graduate of the universities of New Zealand and London. Following his education at 
 (born December 17, 1985) is an American football offensive tackle, most recently for the Houston Texans. He played college football at the 
 is an English writer on aspects of British maritime history, mainly from 1500 to 1914, but which have also included maritime archaeology and medieval shipbuilding. He also writes on the history of Greenwich, marine painting, stage scene-painting and maritime life in art, portraiture, literature and drama. He is a graduate of the 
 grew up in the Stanton Heights neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He won several national awards for his ceramic talents while attending 
, a social entrepreneur and graduate of 
 is a retired Canadian football fullback who most recently played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. Piercy is an alumnus of 
 won the State 2A baseball championship as well as the 2A Girls Track and Field Championship. In the following school year the Greyhounds added the 2A State football and volleyball championships as well as another 2A Girls Track and Field Championship to its trophy cabinet. In the 2006-2007 school year girls swim went almost undefeated in their pre district meets. In the 2007-08 school year, Football, Girls Volleyball, Girls Swim, Boys Baseball, Girls Softball, Girls and Boys Track, Girls Basketball, Girls and Boys Tennis, and Boys Swim all participated in their state tournaments. For the 2008-09 year, football finished 5th in state, volleyball finished 4th in state, boys basketball went 8th in state, while the girls finished 5th in state. The Girls Softball team won the league title for the first time ever in the '08-'09 school year. NFL hall of fame quarterback 
 (17 August 1889 - August 28, 1962) was a Francophone Swiss Esperantist. A historian, university professor, author, journalist and peace activist, he was a graduate of the 
 (c. 1903 -- March 24, 2005) was an American football and track coach. He served as the head football coach at 
 (born July 5, 1982) is an American filmmaker with Armenian roots and founder of Impact International Pictures. Kandarian is a graduate of the 
 started his education at 
 is a graduate of 
, who worked with him at the New York Botanical Garden as an intern while she was an undergraduate at 
 was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Washington and Jefferson College (1908--1911, 1919--1920, 1924--1925) and at 
 from 1939 to 1941. In 1939, both Abernathy and future Major League Baseball player 
 as a licentiate in law and obtained a Master in Finance from the Vlerick Leuven Gent Management School. He worked for Investco (part of KBC Group) as an investment banker and is a member of the board of the KBC Group, Zenitel, PinguinLutosa, Afinia Plastics, Telenet and Atenor. 
, the then-unnamed newly constructed 7-storey building in 
 was a graduate of 
