 was educated at the 
, and was educated at Brisbane Boys' College. He did not complete a medical degree at the 
 and brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai, Mahmud Karzai and Quayum Karzai. He attended 
, where he studied for a doctorate after taking the Diploma in Celtic Studies under Sir Idris Foster. He held a Bergin Fellowship at the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies from 1968 to 1969. He then was a Junior 
 in New York, New York, he is best known for his work on the stage. He attended 
 was born in São Paulo, Brazil on November 19, 1957. After attending a selective Catholic school for primary and secondary education, he went to two universities simultaneously and earned a baccalaureate degree in philosophy from the Pontifical Catholic University and a baccalaureate degree in psychology from the University of São Paulo, both in 1981. He earned a master's degree in experimental psychology at the University of São Paulo two years later and then traveled to California, where he completed a doctoral program in psychology (with concentration in biopsychology) at the 
 was educated at 
 (July 6, 1916 -- July 28, 2011) was an American sociologist who was president of the American Sociological Association 1976-1977. Yinger received his Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin, Madison, in 1942, and was Emeritus Professor of Sociology at 
 and Sarah Frank. He grew up in Norwich, Connecticut and graduated from the Norwich Free Academy in 1937. He attended 
, Llanfyllin, County Montgomery. He attended 
 was selected as a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1970, and a Fellow of the Latvian Architect Association in 1971. He is the recipient of numerous individual awards including a 1971 fellowship from the Graham Foundation, the Gold Medal of the Michigan Society of Architects in 1980, the Arnold W. Brunner Memorial Prize in Architecture of the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters in 1981, and the 1993 Michigan Artist of the Year award. He received an honorary doctorate from 
 was the son of George Wagner who owned Atlantic Brewery in Rock Island. He received his education from the 
, a politician and president of the Greek parliament. He later studied at the Athens College and law at the University of Athens. He continued his studies at the 
 received his B.M. degree at the University of Colorado in 1972. He continued graduate work at 
 (1914-1988) was a portrait painter and illustrator. He was born in Waiʻanae, Hawaiʻi in 1914. He attended the 
. She had an older sister, Martha Bryan Montgomery, who died as an infant (named after her aunt Martha-Bryan Allen) and a brother, Robert Montgomery, Jr., who was born in 1936. After graduating from The Spence School, she attended the 
 (December 10, 1913 -- February 29, 1988) was an American Christian ethicist of the 20th century. He was a Methodist and a native of Mississippi. He graduated from 
 who also played for Nottinghamshire. He was educated at 
 subsequently attended the 
 (b. August, 1974) is a Japanese composer. He was born in Japan and educated in Boston, The Hague, and San Diego. Mr. Nakano has been recognized as one of the major voices among Asian composers of his generation. His work strives to merge Western and Eastern musical traditions, and reflects the relationship between beauty, form and imperfection through the formality of music. Mr. Nakano received his Bachelor's Degree in composition with distinction, and Master's Degree in composition with academic honors and distinction, Pi Kappa Lambda, from the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, where he studied with Lee Hyla and John Harbison. Later, he studied with Dutch composer Louis Andriessen in Amsterdam and at the Royal Conservatory of Hague as the Japanese Government Overseas Study Program Artist. Mr. Nakano received his Ph.D. in composition from the 
 sang in Japanese TV advertisements for Ryukakusan Direct throat medicine manufactured by Ryukakusan. Potts received two nominations at the 
. Stekel had studied medicine at the 
 was born in Virginia but grew up in the small town of Frankville, Alabama, near Chatom, Alabama, where she attended 
 received ``Lifetime Achievement Award'' from 
 was born in Benicia, California and was brought up by his aunt after being orphaned at the age of six. He received his law degree from Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco, and his legal practice specialized in forestry and mining issues. In 1937, he received an Honorary Degree from 
 (25 March 1945 -- 27 November 2008) was an Iranian archaeologist. He was born in Kermanshah. He received his MA from the department of archaeology at University of Tehran in 1972 and his PhD from the 
 graduated with honors from Punahou School in Honolulu. She was awarded full scholarships to the University of Hawaii as a Board of Regents Scholar and to the 
 was born in Bangor, Maine in 1986. She graduated from the 
 received her B.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the 
 was his younger brother. He was educated at Winchester and 
, as he was then known, was educated at 
, graduated with a Commerce degree from 
 received an honorary doctorate from the 
 (1775 to 1858) the banker and botanist, and he got his middle name from his paternal grandmother, Mary Palgrave (1774--1850). He attended 
, M.D. He received his A.B. in 1892 from 
 and Hanumant Singh. He was educated at 
 studied Scandinavian languages at 
 1880-1964''. The plaque on the back reads ``MacARTHUR SQUARE: MacArthur Square was designated on September 17, 1945 to honor General of the Army Douglas MacArthur for his leadership of the Allied forces in the Pacific during World War II. MacArthur, his father General Arthur MacArthur, and his grandfather judge Arthur McArthur, were all residents of Milwaukee. Douglas lived at the Plankinton House and attended West Division High School. In 1898 he was appointed to the U.S. Military Academy by Milwaukee Congressman Theobald Otjen. Douglas MacArthur's final here was on April 27, 1951, when he received an honorary degree from 
 and Priscilla Kimpton, born in London on 15 May 1825. At the age of three, Keene moved with his family to Derby when his father became the manager of Frost's Silk Mill. He was educated at Thomas Swanwick's 
 (September 15, 1857 - March 8, 1930) was the 27th President of the United States and later the 10th Chief Justice of the United States. Taft is the only person to have served in both offices. Born in 1857 in Cincinnati, Ohio, into the powerful Taft family, Taft graduated from 
 attended 
, born at Worcester, Massachusetts He graduated in 1880 at 
 and Christ Church, Oxford where he studied Mods and Greats. In 1962, Buckley joined the Treasury as an Assistant 
, he was a nephew of Zachary Taylor, the 12th US President, and a cousin of Jefferson Davis and Richard Taylor. He graduated from the 
 (1794-1875), a farmer and Methodist minister who had served in the War of 1812; his mother was Naamah Bartlett (1798-1874), William Tripp's second wife. The family moved from Harmony to the nearby town of Ripley in 1844. Bartlett Tripp entered Colby College in 1857, but left without graduating in 1861 to travel to California. On the way he visited his older half-brother William in Iowa and also visited the south-eastern part of the Dakota Territory. In California he did some surveying, then moved to Salt Lake City, Utah (where his brother Enoch Bartlett Tripp (1823-1909), a prominent Mormon merchant, lived) and taught school (1864-5). He eventually returned to Maine to regain his health. He then attended 
 as the first Opium Commissioner of the United States in 1908. In 1909, Wright attended the 
', after the Scud missile. He was educated at 
 is a British American singer-songwriter. Born in Chester, England, and raised in Cambridge, England, Featherstone now resides in Hollywood, California. She began studying piano and composing original music at the age of nine. She has received awards from the 
 (born 18 March 1961, Lambeth, London) was educated at the 
. He was graduated from 
 is the daughter of a Chinese-Panamanian father and a German mother. She was born and raised in New York City. She received her BA from Barnard College and her MFA from Columbia University. After finishing school she worked for a time as an editorial assistant at The New York Review of Books. She has taught at 
 (1883--1930) was an anthropologist who studied the Native American languages. He received his PhD from 
 in the German television mini-series Ein Stück Himmel, and was awarded the Goldene Kamera, the Goldener Gong, and an Adolf Grimme Award. In this mini-series, Joseph Vilsmaier was one of the cinematographers. Parallel to her acting, she attended the 
, Jr., was born in August 1943. De Niro attended 
. He attended the 
. She graduated from 
, a politician and president of the Greek parliament. He later studied at the 
 was born in San Francisco, one of the eldest of 11 children in the Stallings family; saxophonist Ron Stallings is her first cousin. She grew up in the Laurel Heights district, where she still lives, and started as a gospel singer at the First AME Church. Her professional singing career began before she graduated from 
 (April 16, 1921 -- May 7, 2011) was born in Czechoslovakia and emigrated to the United States after World War II. He received his Ph.D. in sociology from the 
, a decorated Marine in World War II who was an officer in the Observer Group and the commanding officer of its successor, the Amphibious Reconnaissance Battalion. Having spent his formative years in France, where he attended the 
 (October 10, 1918 -- August 9, 1996) was an American lawyer, jurist, and Democratic politician from Manchester, New Hampshire. He received his law degree from 
, George Halas, Jr., and ``Papa Bear'' George Halas. He is also the father of three sons, Matthew, Max, and Frank . Phillips was born in Oneida, New York and was raised in Nashua, New Hampshire . He graduated from The 
, who was the royal Governor of Connecticut from 1676-1708. He was educated in country schools, and taught in the Academy of Rockport, Maine to pay for his schooling. He graduated from 
 was born in Christchurch, and began his broadcasting career on radio in Dunedin, where he had studied at the 
. While he was a student at Andrews, a member of the staff, Dr. E. E. Heppenstall, was teaching the subject Righteousness by Faith to a class of 116 students. Heppenstall became ill and was unable to continue teaching the course. Some students asked the administration to have LaRondelle take over the instruction. In 1969, Andrews University sponsored his return to the Netherlands for further study. He studied again under his mentor and friend Professor 
. He graduated from 
 from 1963 to 1974. He was educated at 
, a professor at the University of Reading and at the University of Texas at Austin. His mother, Sarah, is a publisher. His brother, Jack, is a co-director of the travel company, Trufflepig Travel, and his sister, Kate, works for Save the Children. Dancy was educated at 
 received an honorary degree of Doctor of Music from the 
. His maternal grandparents were zoologist Peter Medawar and author Jean Medawar. Garland attended the independent University College School, in Hampstead, London, and the 
 (1852--1929), Oriental Secretary at the British Legation. He was educated at 
, founder of what is now Koch Industries, and Mary Robinson Koch. Unlike his father and brothers, all three of whom studied chemical engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and pursued business careers, Frederick studied humanities at Harvard College (B.A. 1955), following which he enlisted in the U.S. Navy serving in Millington, near Memphis and then on the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga. Upon return to civilian life Koch enrolled at the 
 became Trulia's Chief Operating Officer. He was previously President of New Media at Current TV and a Board Member at Zvents. Levine received his MBA from 
. He read Archaeology and Anthropology at St John's College, Oxford, gaining a first class honours degree, and received his Ph.D. in Archaeology and Anthropology from the 
 received an honorary doctorate from 
 was born in 1961 as the youngest of three children, and grew up in Rocky River, a suburb of Cleveland in Ohio where he attended Rocky River High School. In 1979 Barry attended 
 (born March 8, 1975) is a Swedish orienteering competitor and European champion. He received a gold medal in long distance at the 2004 
 was born in Florida and began dancing when she was only three years old. Her family moved to Virginia when she was nine, where she participated in various types of dance and gymnastic competitions. There she studied with and was a member of the Atrium Dance Company directed by Christine Grogis. They later moved to Atlanta, Georgia, where Chambers attended 
 received recognition from the 
 received his BA from 
 was born in Taceva, then in Czechoslovakia, now Ukraine, in 1930 into a Jewish family. During World War II he was deported with his family to Auschwitz, where his father, his mother, and his younger sister were killed in 1944. After being liberated from the camp, he moved to United States by boat, and he studied in an Orthodox Jewish school, at Brooklyn College, and at Syracuse University. Here he got a PhD in 1956 under the supervision of Peter G. Bergmann. Then he continued his research with Lars Onsager, at Yale University, where he got a faculty position. He moved to the Stevens Institute of Technology in 1957 and to the Belfer Graduate School of Science of 
 attended 
 began as a busker while touring Europe in 1977. His act of singing and playing up to three instruments at the same time, soon developed to focus on mime and audience participation. He brought his act home to Adelaide, Australia and became renowned locally for the large crowds he entertained in the central shopping precinct, Rundle Mall, which had recently been closed to traffic. In 1982, he studied mime and circus skills at San Francisco's 
 was born in Chicago in 1925. He served in the United States Navy during World War II, achieving the rank of Lieutenant. After the war, he attended the 
 at the Newport Folk Festival and was offered a job with the Bluegrass Boys but he turned it down because he had to finish his education. He was graduated from the 
 beginning at age 17. Fairbanks received his bachelor's degree from Yale University and his master's degree from the 
 was a governor of Tennessee. He graduated from Cumberland University in 1885 with a Bachelor of Science degree and he did graduate work at both Vanderbilt University and the University of Chicago. He received his LL.D. from 
 won the Melville Cane Award of the Poetry Society of America for his book of criticism ``Visions and Revisions of American Poetry'' and in 1992 he received a Distinguished Alumnus Award from the Alumni Association of the University of Connecticut. He was inducted into the Meriden, Connecticut, Hall of Fame in 1993, and in 1999 he received the John Ciardi Award for lifetime achievement in poetry sponsored by the National Italian American Foundation. In May 2000 he received an honorary degree, Doctor of Humane Letters, from 
 is the Senior Economic Advisor to the Government of Eritrea and to the Ministry of National Development. He received his PhD in Economics from the 
, M.P. for South Lincolnshire 1841-7, and his wife Lady Caroline Finch-Hatton, daughter of George Finch-Hatton, 10th Earl of Winchilsea. He was educated at 
 received many awards: In 1966 he received an Honorary Doctorate in engineering from Case Institute of Technology, Cleveland, and in 1972 from 
 headed Tishman Realty and Construction, a firm established by Robert's grandfather Julius Tishman in 1898 with the construction of a six-story tenement building on the Lower East Side that was built using the proceeds of his department store in Upstate New York. He attended the Horace Mann School and earned his undergraduate degree from 
 (b. 4 December 1868), graduated from 
 was born in Manchester in 1894. He was educated at Manchester Grammar School and then he studied at 
 and his second wife Pauline Pfeiffer, and named Gregory Hancock Hemingway. In childhood, he was called Gigi or Gig and was, according to a close observer, ``a tremendous athlete'' and a ``crack shot.'' As an adult he preferred the name Greg. Hemingway attended the 
 subsequently studied at the 
 of St. George's Chapel, Windsor. After taking his BMus at Queen's College, Oxford, he became Assistant organist to Sir Walford Davies at St George's. He also attended the 
 and his wife Susannah Elizabeth Hillier, daughter of Nathaniel Hillier of Stoke Park Surrey. He was educated at 
 is a former Shakespeare professor turned freelance writer. In the course of 30-odd years, he has written 29 books about guns, sporting and wildlife art, natural history and travel including three volumes of Shotguns and Shooting, Best Guns, A.H. Fox, Wild Things and Traveler's Tales. His articles, too many to count, have been published in every sporting magazine in the United States and Britain. He has been a Sporting Classics columnist for the past 25 years and also serves as shooting editor for Shooting Sportsman. His first novel The Dogmen, published in 2009, is about tracking down and stopping dogfighting. McIntosh was born and raised in Ottumwa, Iowa, and graduated from Ottumwa High School. He received a bachelor's degree in English from 
. He attended medical school at 
 (12 February 1935 -- ) is a writer of stories and essays. He was raised in Southern California. He received his Bachelor's in Animal Husbandry from 
. He went on to attend North Central College, where he earned a B.A. in Political Science and English in 1977. He received his Juris Doctor from 
 and was produced and directed by Ben Foster on a budget of $65,000. Dennis and Foster graduated from the 
 was born to a Jewish family, in Flushing, New York, with his father, Max, his mother, Molly, and his older brother, Michael. Blank graduated from Stuyvesant High School in New York City and went on to attend Babson College, where he graduated in 3 years in 1963 with a B.S. degree in Business Administration and accounting. He also received an honorary degree from 
, the Lord Chief Justice during the Commonwealth. He was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, taking his degree in 1656, and represented Caernarfon in the Third Protectorate Parliament. Both Sir John and his son went over to the cause of Charles II at the 
 was the first of nine children and grew up in Most pri Bratislave. After the expulsion of his family from Slovakia in 1945, he arrived in Vienna, where he attended primary school. He attended a 
 and Gertie HeavyRunner, and 12 brothers and sisters. Both of her parents were taken from their tribes in Montana and educated in boarding schools in Kansas and Pennsylvania before returning to Montana. She received her law degree from the 
, the founder of the Eastern Telegraph Company. His elder half-brother Sir James Pender, 1st Baronet (from Sir John Pender's first marriage) was the first chairman of Eastman Kodak (UK). John was educated at 
 in Blue Lick Springs, Kentucky, and from 1852 to 1854, he taught at the Pennsylvania Institution for the Blind in Philadelphia. During this period, also, he studied law. Blaine married Harriet Stanwood on June 30, 1850. The couple had numerous children, including sons 
 and Arthur Schopenhauer. After attending schools in several towns, as his family moved, and finishing Rygiškių Jono High School in Marijampolė in 1934, he studied law at 
 received his B.A. from 
 for three terms, but for most of his childhood he was educated privately, including musical instruction. Starting in 1875, he studied at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was active in the Cambridge University Musical Society. There he became friends with 
 of the all-female, African-American a cappella group Sweet Honey in the Rock, is the powerful centerpiece to the album. Carrington's arrangement for the song, which came together a couple years ago to celebrate the honorary doctorate that Reagon received from 
 received his BA in religious studies from the 
. He was educated at 
 was born on May 27, 1966 in St Louis, Missouri. He graduated from the 
, by his second wife the Honourable Frances, daughter of Reverend George Barrington, 5th Viscount Barrington. William Legge, 5th Earl of Dartmouth, was his half-brother and Colonel Heneage Legge his full brother. He was educated at Eton and 
, who retired from Memorex in 1974, received an honorary degree from 
. From 1904 to 1906 she studied at the 
 was born on 12 February 1856 in Greenwich, the son of Henry Graham Stokes, Proctor to the Admiralty and solicitor, and his wife Elizabeth Sewell. He was one of at least nine children (six brothers and three sisters). Unlike his brother Frederick, who attended Rugby School, he attended Sydney College in Bath. He then studied medicine at 
 graduated from Durham, United Kingdom in which he received a bachelors Degree in Police Science In 1995 he graduated from 
 is the Marvin Bower Professor of Leadership Development in organizational behavior at Harvard Business School. He is also the co-Master of Cabot House at Harvard University. Rakesh received his degrees in organizational behavior from Harvard's Ph.D. program in 1998, A.M (Sociology) from Harvard in 1997, and his bachelor's degree from Cornell University in 1990. He worked for three years as a founding team member of Cambridge Technology Partners before starting graduate school in 1994. After finishing his doctorate, Rakesh taught at the 
 was born circa 1821 in Ormskirk, United Kingdom to father William Ash. He attended 
 was born in Clapham, south London, the son of William Robert Amis, a mustard manufacturer's clerk. He was educated at the City of London School, and in April 1941 was admitted to 
 received a Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (B.A.M.S.) from the 
 was born December 6, 1820 in Baltimore County, Maryland. He graduated from 
 (December 10, 1941, Sysmä, Finland -- August 25, 2002, Lake Ladoga, Russia) was a Finnish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received an individual gold medal at the first 
 studied Classical language at 
, author and journalist, and Katharine Lansing Morse. His older brother, Ralph Delahaye Paine, Jr., was editor and publisher of Fortune magazine and his twin brother was Philbrook Ten Eyck Paine. Paine attended 
 of Leith, where he was articled. From 1925-1929 he also attended classes at 
 is a 1939 graduate of Brooklyn Friends School, a 1943 graduate of Haverford College, and a 1948 graduate of the Harvard Law School. He received honorary doctorates from 
's roommate. He also attended the 
 was born in Cuckfield, West Sussex, England. He is the son of U.K pop producer/songwriter Peter Shelley, who wrote and produced numerous U.K/European hits for Alvin Stardust and as a solo artist in the seventies. At age eight, he moved with his family to Vancouver, Canada, and then a few years later to Toronto. Southworth first started playing guitar at age ten, and at age sixteen began writing poetry and songs. He attended 
 had hit the first home run in Yankee Stadium. The bat was the prize given by the Los Angeles Evening Herald for a high school home run hitting contest they sponsored. He then attended the 
, the puritan vicar of Tavistock. He was educated at 
, a fashion photographer who struggled with schizophrenia and drug abuse. Richardson was raised in Hollywood, a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, where he attended Hollywood High School; and Ojai, California, where he attended 
. Scalia graduated from the 
 has written, directed and designed over fifty of his own plays both in New York City and abroad. Five of his plays have received ``OBIE'' awards as best play of the year--and he has received five other ``OBIE'S'' for directing and for 'sustained achievement'. He has received the annual Literature award from the 
 has written, directed and designed over fifty of his own plays both in New York City and abroad. He has received three Obie Awards for Best Play of the Year, and he has received four other Obies for directing and for ``sustained achievement''. He has received the annual Literature Award from the 
 of Paris and the late Lieutenant Colonel Georges Thenault, one-time air attache at the French Embassy. Miss MacArthur is a grand-daughter of the late Capt. Arthur MacArthur, U.S.N., brother of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur. Their father was the late Lieut. Gen. Arthur MacArthur, U.S.A. The prospective bride is a grand-daughter also of Mrs. MacArthur of Chevy Chase, Md., Mrs. W. L. Littlefield of Lake Worth and the late Captain Littlefield, U.S.N. She is an alumna of the Holton-Arms School here and studied also at the Sorbonne. Miss MacArthur, who was presented to society here several seasons ago, belongs to the Junior League of Washington. Private Thenault, a graduate of 
 was born May 13, 1899 in East Orange, New Jersey. Degener graduated from the Massachusetts Agricultural College (now University of Massachusetts Amherst). Intending to spend a year as a tourist, he arrived in Hawaii but decided to stay. He received his MA from the 
 of the University of Oxford, retired in 1998 as Senior Law Lord after more than a decade as a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary in the House of Lords. Prior to being created a Law lord and receiving a life peerage as Baron Goff of Chieveley in the County of Berkshire in 1986, Lord Goff studied at 
 Day. The cities of Sumter, Bamberg, and Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, each presented its ``key to the city'' to Pinkney. He also was honored by the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. In 2002, Pinkney received an Honorary Doctorate of Fine Music from 
 was born in Orlando, Florida, the second child of Charles and Florence Marshall. Born William Randolph Marshall on 31 August 1947 (his sister, Barbara, named him 'Randolph' after her favorite movie actor, Randolph Scott, and his mother selected 'William', after an old family friend, later aide de camp to President John F. Kennedy). The name ``Stoneking'' derives from his paternal great-grandfather, Reuben Stoneking (of Hundred, WV, Wetzel County), who abandoned mother and child shortly after his grandfather was born. Stoneking's early years were spent growing up on military bases around the United States, including Randolph Field (Texas) and Fort Slocum (New York). When his father retired in 1961, the family moved to northern California where he attended high school in Folsom and Rancho Cordova, California. He graduated from 
 was awarded an honorary degree from the University of Exeter Business School. She also received an honorary degree from 
 (The C stands for nothing) (February 14, 1916 - August 20, 1978) was a Republican politician from Ohio. He was born in Marietta, Ohio. He was the 59th Governor of Ohio. He graduated from both 
 was educated at 
 received an honorary doctorate from the 
 became the city's youngest mayor ever. Garcia was a lifelong Coachella resident and a 1995 graduate of Coachella Valley High School. He attended the 
 was born on 13 April 1949 in Zaria, Kaduna State. He studied at the 
, a successful lawyer, politician, and philanthropist. Phillips was schooled at Boston Latin School, and graduated from Harvard University in 1831. He went on to attend 
 and novelist Nabaneeta Dev Sen. Antara did her schooling in Calcutta and higher education in Delhi, India. Sen also studied at 
 (born 2 October 1949 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands) is a former racing driver who raced for the RAM and ATS teams in Formula One. He graduated from 
 is the son of the world renowned Italian designer and architect Mario Bellini. Since he was very young he was evolving in his father work where he found himself fascinated from the creative world. In 1990 he graduated from the Politecnico di Milano where he attended the 
 grew up in Concord, North Carolina. Her father, Robert, was a hospital administrator and her mother, Trilby, was a homemaker. She was raised as a Southern Baptist. Wall graduated in 1980 with a B.A., summa cum laude, from Meredith College. She received a Juris Doctor from 
 graduated from the 
 is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received a gold medal in the classic distance at the 
 in 1973 - they had first met in 1965 when she was a copy group head above him at Benton & Bowles. She was a native of Memphis, Tennessee and Goldman describes her as ``a sophisticated woman who spoke several languages, knew a great deal about art and wine and who had graduated from 
. He organized workers in a socialist party in Guadalajara in 1904. He completed his law degree at the 
 is a 1977 graduate of Rogers Senior High School in Michigan City, Indiana; she received a B.A. in Telecommunications from 
 was born in Zuru in Kebbi State. He joined the army on 10 December 1962, and attended training courses with Ibrahim Babangida. He attended the 
 was born in Santa Monica, California. She began acting and dancing in preschool, and her mother enrolled her in dance classes as a child. Her first play was at the age of four in a ballet version of The Cabbage Patch Kids. As a child and teenager, she was attended drama camps in the summer, acted in local community theater, and became involved in the drama department at her school, Torrey Pines High School in Del Mar, California. She enrolled at the 
, brother-in-law of Oliver Cromwell. He was educated at 
 made substantial donations of his work to both The Ulster Museum and the Hugh Lane Municipal Gallery and in the 1930s he returned to Ireland. He received honorary degrees from the 
 was born and raised in the Bronx, New York City. His mother Ida Kuran was a Russian Jew, and his father Frederick Scheer was a Protestant native of Germany; both worked in the garment industry. Robert graduated from 
 is a professor of history at North Carolina State University. He specializes in the history of the Middle East and Arab relations and studies. Khater received his Ph.D. from the 
 (a U.S. Representative from Michigan) and his second wife, Helen P. Handy, the daughter of Truman P. Handy, a well known financier and banker in Cleveland. Newberry attended Michigan Military Academy before graduating from Yale College's 
 was a film editor and producer at MGM; his mother was Anna Cohn. From age four he was raised in Los Angeles. He graduated from 
 and his wife Esther Bayley, daughter of Thomas Bayley. Potter was educated at 
 (b. Vienna) is a British industrial designer of Czech origin. He was Managing Director and Chief Designer of Ogle Design from 1962 until 1999. He oversaw design of the Bush Radio TR130 radio, the Raleigh Chopper, the Bond Bug, the Reliant Scimitar GTE, the Anadol A1 (FW5), an award-winning series of truck cabs for Leyland, and the Marble Run. In 2001, Karen received an honorary degree from 
 is a pioneering organic strawberry farmer, who was the first person to grow strawberries organically on a commercial scale in California. Cochran was born in Carlsbad, California in 1947. He studied child development and European intellectual history at the 
. They moved, again, to Long Island where his father continued working as an organizer. His mother counseled conscientious objectors to the Vietnam War. He studied art and photography at the 
 and Vlado Kozak also became renowned intellectuals and left wing political activists. He studied history and geography at the 
 then moved to Cumberland (Cumbria) in 1955, to teach art at Eden School http://www.school-index.co.uk/urn/128602.php, Carlisle. He married Margaret Ingram, a textile artist (who died in 1995). In 1962, Charles Bray worked at Sunderland Teacher Training College, and then became Head of Ceramic Art at Sunderland College of Art. Charles Bray set up courses on ceramic glazes for teachers, and established a glass degree course at SCA http://www.sunderland.ac.uk/study/course/9/ba_hons_glass_and_ceramics.php. In 1976, he attended the Hot Glass Conference at the 
 was a Latter Day Saint leader and contemporary of Joseph Smith, Jr. who converted to Smith's Church of Christ in January 1833, being baptized in western New York by apostle David W. Patten. He attended the 
 (``Doug'') Tougaw, born July 3, 1969, is the chair of and a professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Valparaiso University. He received his B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the Rose-Hulmann Institute of Technology and his M.S. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the 
, a portrait painter and sales manager for Union Camp, a packing material manufacturer. He was raised in a close-knit Roman Catholic family as the second of six children. Dillon's paternal grandmother was the sister of comic strip artist Alex Raymond. Dillon has one sister and four brothers, one of whom, Kevin Dillon, is also an actor, and appears on the hit TV series Entourage which has earned him several Emmy nominations in the supporting actor comedy category. Dillon grew up in Mamaroneck, New York, and before dropping out in junior year, he attended 
. He was educated at 
 (1898-1983) worked in the Canadian mining industry. In 1921, he obtained a B. Sc. degree from the 
 and the Duke of Newcastle) who, between them, served for 18 years as first minister. Pelham was born in Laughton, Sussex, the son of Sir John Pelham, 3rd Baronet and his wife Lucy Sidney (daughter of Robert Sidney, 2nd Earl of Leicester). Pelham was educated at 
 (24 May 1932, Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech composer of Russian descent. Petrov is pianist and composer of classical and popular music. He stems from the family of a Russian emigrant, a family doctor, resident in Žižkov (a Prague district). At first, he attended a Russian high school in Prague discrit Pankrac, during which time he was preparing for his future piano and composition studies at the Music Faculty of the 
 is a former prima ballerina, ballet instructor and author. Mey was one of the students of the russian ballet dance method founder, Agrippina Vaganova. She graduated from Vaganova in 1929, and then started her dancing career. She danced at the Kirov Ballet in Leningrad, Russia for many years. She taught many of Russian ballet's biggest stars at the 
. with creative input from Hasler and Barber While Clark and Hasler attended 
 was born in Vienna, Austria. He hails from Obersulz in Lower Austria, where he attended 
, a professional tennis player known for her successful, albeit brief, career in tennis that saw progress in Wimbledon and the French Open, graduated from Adlai E. 
 was born in New York, New York in 1952, and grew up in Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from New York University with a bachelor's degree of arts in math and economics in 1972. He then was admitted to the New York University 
, and Lady Susan (d. 1838), daughter of Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford. He was educated at 
 was born in Margaree Forks, Nova Scotia, a small farming community on Cape Breton Island. From 1888-1895, he attended 
 (born February 11, 1951 in Port Arthur, Texas) is the current quarterbacks coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League. His coaching career began in 1979 where he was the offensive line coach for the Rice Owls of Rice University. In terms of professional football, he has also coached in the Canadian Football League for the Montreal Alouettes/Concordes, Ottawa Rough Riders, Calgary Stampeders, and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He attended 
. Raymond Lewis Hare (November 21, 1917 -- June 1975) was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Brooklyn Tigers. Hare also played in the All-America Football Conference for the New York Yankees. He attended 
 and Jillian, Lady Parker, a writer. He was educated at 
. Graves' father died when he was one year old, and he was reared first by his paternal grandfather on an Alabama farm and then by an uncle in Texas. Bibb attended the 
. He studied at 
 attended 
 (1902--1995) came to London in 1938 as a refugee from Austria. She had studied at the Vienna Kunstgewerbeschule and has been regarded as essentially a modernist. Rie experimented and produced new glaze effects. She was a friend of Leach and was greatly impressed by his approach, especially about the ``completeness'' of a pot. The bowls and bottles which she specialised in are finely potted and sometimes brightly coloured. She taught at 
 was born in Taiwan and moved to the United States at the age of 6. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School in New York, NY in 1989. In 1992, he graduated from 
 received a 2006 Fellowship from the 
 in Reading, Ohio, where he received the 1996 coach of the year from the Cincinnati Post. In 1999 he was named Director of Basketball Operations at Xavier, under the late Skip Prosser, whom he followed as an assistant coach to Wake Forest in 2001. In 2004 he returned to Xavier, joining new head coach Sean Miller as his assistant. When Miller moved to the University of Arizona in 2009, Mack was hired as Xavier's head coach. He got off to a fast recruiting start his first summer as coach, landing top-ranked prospects Jordan Latham, Justin Martin, Griffin McKenzie, and Jay Canty for the 2010--11 season. Xavier achieved its first top 25 ranking under 
, Marc Ribot, Jon Lucien, Chico Hamilton, Ben E. King, Andy Narell, Astrud Gilberto, Savion Glover, Ute Lemper, Eileen Ivers, and many others. Adept in Brazilian, Afro-Cuban, jazz, pop, and funk. He studied at 
 (b. October 12, 1939 in Fox Chase, Pennsylvania) is an American visual artist, known for her discourses on the body, sexuality and gender. She received a B.A. from Bard College and an M.F.A. from the University of Illinois. Her work is primarily characterized by research into visual traditions, taboos, and the body of the individual in relationship to social bodies. Her works have been shown at the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art, the New York Museum of Modern Art, and the London National Film Theatre. Schneemann has taught at several universities, including the 
 was educated at 
 was born and raised in Saudi Arabia. In 1967, he emigrated to the United States on an Aramco scholarship. He received an M.A. from 
, Governor of Heligoland and afterwards of Newfoundland. He was educated at 
, who was then a government lawyer, in 1941. During her years of raising three sons she attended 
 (also known as ``Joe''), and mother Patricia. Hussain was educated at 
 and María Ruiz-Tagle Jiménez. He received all his schooling at the Luis Campino Institute. He then attended the 
's partner is Lanier Laney, a comedy writer who also wrote for SNL in the 1985-1986 season. The couple met at the now-defunct Chaps Bar in New York years after Sweeney graduated from 
, Wallingford Riegger, John Verrall, and Vagn Holmboe, the latter at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark for a year. He then studied at the 
 before entering the Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf where he received a Bachelor of Arts in 1937. He then attended the 
 attended the 
 (born 1930) is a French judoka. He received a bronze medal at the 
 was born in London, England in 1837. He studied architecture and design at the 
 was born in Brooklyn, New York, as the son of an émigré who had lost a factory he owned in Russia to the Soviet revolution. In 1928 the family moved to St. Albans, Queens. From 1946 to 1949 he studied at The Cooper Union in New York, and from 1949 to 1950 he studied at the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in Skowhegan, Maine. Skowhegan exposed him to painting from life, which would prove pivotal in his development as a painter and remains a staple of his practices today. Katz explains that Skowhegan's plein air painting gave him ``a reason to devote my life to painting.'' Every year from early June to mid-September, Katz moves from his SoHo loft to a 19th-century clapboard farmhouse in Lincolnville, Maine A summer resident of Lincolnville since 1954, he has developed a close relationship with local Colby College. He met Ada Del Moro, who had studied biology at 
, and the cousin of the actor Guy Siner. He was educated at Bedales School at Petersfield where his close friends included Gyles Brandreth, who remained a friend until Cadell's death. Cadell trained at the 
 and he was educated at 
, an Australian politician and financial expert, and his wife Bertha Martha (née Latham). The Baillieu family was of Belgian descent but had earlier lived in England. Baillieu was educated at Melbourne Grammar, and then Trinity College, Melbourne University. He subsequently moved to England where he studied at 
 was born in Wiesbaden, Germany, studied at the University of Würzburg and the University of Göttingen, and obtained his Ph.D. from the 
 and Jon Foote received honorary doctorate degrees from 
