and isabella adeline ; his mother died when he was only nine . following his graduation from
of the uxbridge academy.uxbridge he completed his education at
( august 7 , 1908 -- december 28 , 2004 ) was an american historian and scholar . born in sweetwater , tennessee , he was educated at the tennessee military institute and the university of chattanooga , where he graduated cum laude in 1930. he later earned a master 's degree from
, santa barbara , and the university of michigan , ann arbor .
resides in san francisco , california . he attended the
, and the son of business guru and ex-tyson ceo don tyson . john was the ceo of tyson foods from 1999-2006 and is currently chairman . he graduated from
is a graduate of the
was born and raised in new york city . horowitz 's love affair with film began when she was 8 years old . her father , a general counsel for columbia pictures , would often bring home movies . but it was jimmy stewart 's `` mr. smith goes to washington , '' that would pique horowitz 's interest in understanding how to develop good characters and make a difference through storytelling . horowitz received a b.a . from nyu 's
started doing magic at the age of six . he became interested in magic when he visited a magic shop in walt disney world . he saw an old man performing tricks and became fascinated . he idolizes walt disney , harry houdini , david copperfield , and doug henning . he has performed magic to put himself through the
; he was named for his godfather meric de vic . after education in sedan , at an early age he joined his father in england , and completed his education at
did his m.a . in history at
was born into poverty near manila , philippines and lived in a small home with 15 relatives . she moved to the united states with her family at the age of 5. she attended
, was an english soldier and writer . the son of a judge in british india , kemp was educated at wellington school and proceeded to
is one of the most noted international experts on international democracy support , democratization , and u.s. foreign policy . he serves as vice president for studies at the carnegie endowment for international peace , where he founded and currently directs the democracy and rule of law program . he has also taught at several universities in the united states and europe , including central european university , the johns hopkins school of advanced international studies , and
was born in galesburg , illinois and grew up in peoria , illinois , where he attended
( born 1970 ) is a computer scientist . he attended
attended the
was schooled in bandırma and gönen of balıkesir province . he finished the primary and the secondary school in kadıköy , i̇stanbul , where his family moved following his father 's death . after a brief time at haydarpaşa high school , he entered
was born in his grandfather 's somers , connecticut parsonage . he was the son of theodore claudius pease , briefly a professor at andover theological seminary before his sudden death , and his wife abbey francis culter pease . pease was educated at
was born on july 16 , 1935 in atlanta , georgia . his family moved frequently when he was a young child , settling in waynesville , north carolina when mundy was about 10 years old . he graduated from
is a
was born in altoona , pennsylvania . she attended the
( march 2 , 1928 - february 18 , 2007 ) , was a pioneer in evolutionary computation and human factors analysis . he is known as the father of evolutionary programming . born in brooklyn , new york , he earned his b.e.e . from
was born in west chiltington , west sussex . she studied at the
attended the public schools of lebanon , pennsylvania and wilson , north carolina . in 1970 , he received the degree a.b . ( magna cum laude ) from atlantic christian college ( now
( born 2 january 1974 in vienna , austria ) is an austrian painter and artist . she attended the
, 59 , of garden city , long island , his wife betty mazzarella parente ( born february 6 , 1951 ) , and their daughters stephanie , 19 , and catherine , 11. stephanie was a student at
attended the quaker-run
was born in hemet , california in 1967 to carol and gerald clarke , sr. , his father being born cahuilla . at the age of 3 his parents divorced and he moved with his siblings and mother to orange county , and on the weekends he would return to the reservation to spend time with his father . at age 16 , he moved to arkansas with his mother and sister . he attended
who was originally from kintyre and was a partner in a firm of dyers . mccallum attended
( chinese name : , born 1942 ) is professor of modern chinese history at university of california , san diego . he is the holder of the hwei-chih and julia hsiu chair in chinese studies . esherick is a graduate of
played college football at
completed his studies at
. he was born in westminster on 28 march 1591 and baptized in st clement danes on 11 april . william 's mother died when he was six years old , and he was subsequently raised by his aunt , lady frances stourton . he was educated at
for six months . the same year he met and married frida kerry , a lecturer of eugenics . his marriage to frida , a gentile and eight years his senior antagonized his family . he also repudiated his faith in judaism , claiming that reason prevented him from believing in god . in 1914 , he obtained an undergraduate degree in history from
( june 28 , 1876 - april 4 , 1916 ) was a german neurologist , who was a native of berlin . he studied medicine at the
( born 1 may 1984 in crewe , england ) is a rugby union player for northampton saints in the guinness premiership . he plays as a flanker and started his playing career at whitchurch rugby club in shropshire . like his fellow northampton team mate ben foden , he was educated at
, london and began his acting career in one of britain 's first live television soap operas , 'home tonight ' with
to write a script that would appeal to mainstream audiences . lucas embraced the idea , using his early 1960s teenage experiences cruising in modesto , california . `` cruising was gone , and i felt compelled to document the whole experience and what my generation used as a way of meeting girls , '' lucas explained . as he developed the story in his mind , lucas included his fascination with wolfman jack . lucas had considered doing a documentary about the wolfman when he attended the
was born in london , england on 29 november 1982 but was brought up in kent in south east england . she attended
is a biologist and photographer , born in poland and living in the usa since 1980. rychlik received his ph.d. in 1980 from the
and catherine boarman . he entered st. john 's college with the class of 1800 , but he did not graduate . he graduated from
, he was born at denton near manchester , on 3 august 1797. he was educated by his father and at manchester grammar school . he matriculated at
was born in detroit on august 12 , 1862 to dr. edwin a. lodge and christiana lodge ( née hanson ) . he attended the
( 1975 ) is a contemporary poet born in san francisco , ca . in 2006 , effing press made his chapbook , whole milk . of this collection scott glassman at rain taxi stated that goar 's `` clause-free declarative sentences are a perfect match for the edgy grade-school surrealism which guides us into emotional revelation. '' jordan davis , in his constant critic article , included it amongst his best texts of the year . seoul bus poems ( 2010 ) , his first full-length collection , was published by ken edwards ' reality street . this collection was hailed as a ''brilliant portrait of life in a foreign city `` and ''a glorious example of sparse language and observations . `` positive reviews have also appeared in intercapillary space and etcetera rose metal press published his second collection , the louisiana purchase in november of 2011. scott abel 's listed the louisiana purchase as a 'best poetry book of 2011 ' at no tell motel . since 2006 , goar 's poetry has appeared in magazines on both sides of the atlantic including poetry wales , blackbox manifold , jacket , octopus , harvard review , and cimarron review . he 's been invited to read his poetry at numerous locations around the world including the soundeye festival in cork ireland . past simple , the journal he edits , has had poems featured in the anthology : best of the net 2007 and is currently in its 10th issue . goar is studying jack spicer 's the holy grail at the
( 1959 -- 1964 ) ; with david diamond , vittorio giannini , and ludmila ulehla at the
, the dean of gloucester , before attending
, probably born before 1615. he was educated at
is a former american football player and coach . meter 's father , bernard meter , played football for notre dame in the 1940s . jerry meter enrolled at the
, the baseball player and alma gauvreau judge . he attended
( born january 26 , 1990 ) is an american softball player . she attended
is a lebanese writer . she was born in the mount lebanon governorate in 1956. she studied sociology at the
is an english football commentator , one of the main voices for bbc tv 's match of the day , culminating in being part of the commentary teams for the 2010 fifa world cup in south africa . bower commentated on new zealand 's historic draw with italy and argentina 's 4-1 win over south korea amongst others . he can also be heard on espn uk covering the europa league , serie a and the bundesliga . previous work includes setanta sports up until the uk operation of the broadcaster ceased in june 2009. he was educated at
( born 1945 ) is a philosophy professor and medical ethicist currently teaching at
is an instructor in intermedia at
served as a metro council member from her election on august 5 , 1999 until her resignation on september 1 , 2006 to become a judge . she ran for re-election unopposed in 2003. amanda mcclendon graduated from
graduated from the
is the incumbent kansas secretary of transportation , who was appointed by former governor of kansas and current united states secretary of health and human services , kathleen sebelius . miller is the first woman to lead the kansas department of transportation ( kdot ) and its more than 3,200 employees . from 1986 to 1997 , she was the director of the division of planning and development . miller is a 1976 magna cum laude graduate of
attended
, current western australian senator , for the australian labor party attended
beginning at age 17. fairbanks received his bachelor 's degree from
was born in kensington , london in 1878. he attended fettes college in edinburgh , scotland . he then went on to merton college ,
vilar was born in our lady of the snows , now joão pessoa , paraíba , on june 16 , 1927 , son of joão suassuna and cassia villar suassuna . the following year , his father leaves the government of paraiba and the family goes to live in the wilderness , in acauhan farm ( `` fazenda acauã '' ) . with the revolution of 30 , his father was murdered for political reasons in rio de janeiro and the family moved to taperoá , where he lived from 1933 to 1937. in this city , made his first studies ariano and watched for the first time a piece of mamulengos and a challenge to viola , whose character of `` improvisation '' was also one of the hallmarks of his theatrical production . from 1942 she lived in recife , where he finished in 1945 , his secondary education at the
( greg giraldo ) , the seemingly-token latino at a large , waspy law firm . john has a degree from
studied chemistry at
. he studied at # 31 school of yerevan and at the a. tigranyan musical school at the same time . during the two years he studied at yerevan # 8 college of fine arts . from 1983 to 1987 he studied at
received his first honorary degree in 1999 from
in 1872 to further his studies at the
at joliet junior college . after graduating from joliet in 1987 , he played at
was born in ljubljana as the son of the slovene communist politician and intellectual dušan kermauner . his younger brother was aleš kermauner , a poet and avantguarde artist . taras attended the ljubljana classical lyceum and later studied philosophy at the
was born in karachi , pakistan in 1940. he attended the
lived in seattle , washington , detroit , michigan , riverside , california and arcadia , california . he received a bachelors of science from the
became a chan/zen buddhist monk in 1991 under the name guogu , and now teaches buddhism and meditation under the direction of chan/zen master sheng yen . yu is currently an assistant professor of religion at florida state university . yu received his ph.d. from
, following josiah thompson , thinks he was educated at timothy jollie 's
after the two were seated next to each other in alphabetical order , graduating as valedictorian . after graduating from the university of pennsylvania in 1942 with a phi beta kappa key , he attended
is an american football player who is currently a free agent . he was selecting in the 2010 nfl draft by the jacksonville jaguars . larry was born in madison , mississippi . he played defensive end and outside linebacker for central arkansas . he also played at
is an irish-american , educator , counselor and author . he was born in 1960 in waterville , maine . born william sumner davis , jr. , he is the author of several books on social and science history including the controversial ' '' 'heretics , `` `` the natural history primer losing faith and the pseudoscience just smoke and mirrors . davis ' early life was heavily influenced by the late carl sagan . like sagan , davis is an outspoken critic of many nations use of nuclear arms ; his essay a model of thermonuclear extinction has been widely printed since original publication in 2002. a severe dyslexic , davis did not learn to read until age eleven , and because of early educational experiences , has become an outspoken proponent of alternative educational programs and a critic of u.s. public school systems . davis attended the university of maine , receiving a bachelor of arts degree in psychology focusing on developmental and child psychology . he entered
, and a ph.d. ( medical physiology ) from delhi university . till recently , dr.t .
and mary keehan of alderdale lodge . he was educated at
. brian hitch ( born wisbech , cambridgeshire 2 june 1932 , died oxford 3 august 2004 ) was a british diplomat , academic and musician who was high commissioner to malta between 1988 and 1991. born in wisbech , he attended
( born april 1 , 1982 in cincinnati , ohio ) is an american professional basketball player . he has played for the sacramento kings of the nba , along with the fayetteville patriots and the erie bayhawks of the nba d-league . he played college basketball at the
was born in new york city in 1979. she attended harvard university and graduated phi beta kappa and summa cum laude in 2001 , with a b.a . in english and american literature and language . she earned her m.f.a . degree in fiction from the
came to be closely associated with the punk movement of the 1970s and '80s that affected much of the culture in and around manhattan . as an adult , however , she moved around quite a bit . she received her bachelor 's degree from the
, a graduate of the
is a lebanese sociologist . he was born in beirut on october 14 , 1933. he is married to roseanne khalaf and has two children . khalaf has written extensively on the arab world and on lebanon in particular . the majority of themes in his work include sexuality in the arab world , the lebanese civil war , urbanization , and the role of the protestant missionaries in the levant . he is currently a professor of sociology at the
, who is called mimi , spent summers in japan with their grandmother who taught them traditional japanese culture . at 14 , he returned to japan when his mother was promoted to president of energy conversion devices japan . he studied at the
studied economics at the
is a skull base surgeon and founder of the skull base institute . he is a pioneer in microsurgical techniques of the brain . he pioneered new methods of introducing surgical microinstruments into the brain through the skull base to remove tumors and perform other neurosurgical procedures . he completed his undergraduate studies at the
southworth in prescott , arizona , the daughter of harry t. southworth and harriet fay fox . her father was a medical doctor . fay attended the
( 1909-2007 ) was born hungarian-born composer . born into a jewish family in budapest , hungary in 1909 , sandor salgo studied music in budapest . a clear standout , his early career was affected by the prewar anti-semitism then prevalent in hungary . in 1937 , sandor salgo and a string quartet would serenade the bed-ridden wife of the american ambassador to hungary . america 's walls were closed to immigrants , but the ambassador refused to leave mr. salgo behind and he was afforded a special visa to america in 1937. while salgo returned to europe later in his life , he refused ever to visit hungary or even speak hungarian , because of the repressive government during his youth , the anti-semitism , and in the nazi years , the holocaust . in 1939 ( with no formal training in english ) sandor salgo taught at the
is the founding publisher and editor-in-chief of the filipino reporter newspaper in new york city . pelayo was educated at
was born in sliema , malta , on the 27th november 1963. he was educated at
attended the
'' or sun . today , the campus network is referred to as sunet .
is a graduate of the
is a lacrosse player from melbourne , australia . originally from the caulfield lacrosse club in victoria , tokarua played one season at malvern lacrosse club where he won fairest and best for his club and his state ( 2002 ) . tokarua represented australia in the 1996 world under-19 lacrosse championship before being selected in the seniors for the 2002 and
studied at the
was born and raised in kamloops , and graduated from norkam secondary school in 1981. he went on to complete three years at cariboo college ( now thompson rivers university ) , then transferred to the
( born march 23 , 1972 ) is a politician in toronto , ontario , canada . he was the elected deputy leader of the green party of ontario from 2004 to 2006 and also served as the party 's issue advocate for democratic renewal . he attended
was born on the 27th of september , 1962 to egyptian parents in downtown , cairo where he still resides . he obtained his bachelor 's degree in political science from
earned his ab in english at columbia college ,
, poet , critic and academic , was born in london in 1967. he moved to perth , western australia , with his family in 1970. he studied at
, studying chemistry . he loved the science and for much of his life , even when he dedicated himself to music , it was thought of him that he struggled to choose between two equal masters of his passions : chemistry and music . he did not graduate from uvm , rather he left vermont , first for london to play at the crystal palace and then for new york city . he had decided once and for all that the cause of discovering the american art through music was to be his life 's purpose . at the age of 16 ,
, yet spelled so it would look like her father 's name . she grew up in glenolden , pennsylvania . she graduated from
, who developed the first fully integrated shop management program for the automotive repair industry . ofria attended
( d. 1684-5 ) , a mason , who became a burgess of forres , moray , in 1659. smith initially trained as a priest , and went to italy as a young man , possibly to enter the catholic priesthood . a james smith of morayshire attended the
( born 1972 ) is the mayor of fresno , california and is fresno 's second female mayor . she was elected in a runoff election on november 4 , 2008. born in texas and raised in arkansas , she moved to fresno with her family in 1987. swearengin is an alumna of
was born on august 10 , 1869 in finnentrop , germany , and when he was 10 years old his family emigrated to the united states . becker was raised in tolleston , indiana and montana before attending law school at
( born october 31 , 1983 in chattanooga , tennessee ) is an american football defensive end for the tennessee titans in the national football league . hall attended high school at
( born march 1 , 1981 in cedar rapids , iowa ) is a former american football linebacker . he was originally drafted by the new york jets in the third round of the 2006 nfl draft . he played college football at the ohio state university after transferring from the united states air force academy . in january of 2011 , schlegel returned to his college
's approach to teaching was to liberate each individual to define a technical style of his or her own that should express their inner personality and give freedom to explore . she would tell her students , `` you have a perfect right to branch out , if you have the stuff in you , if you discover your own richness , if you have something to say . '' holm 's philosophy of teaching was how to find the essence of dance and understand where the movement comes from in the body that way it is a natural response in the dancer 's body . she brought weltanschauung to her dance teaching . holm was strict ; she expected greatness from her students which would come from a willingness to work hard . it was her thought that if you worked hard and truly wanted it , you would achieve the desired outcome . holm had an extremely keen eye , she had the ability to look at something and verbalize what she wanted using elaborate imagery and analogies . she used her technique class as a preparation for her improvisation and composition classes . these classes were where the students could expand and experiment on the skills that were presented in class , making the movement innate in their bodies . a large amount of holm 's choreography came from the improv and comp classes . hanya holm taught anatomy , dalcroze eurhythmics , improvisation , and labanotation at her school . she taught at
at the
received his b.a . in biology and psychology from columbia university , his masters in education/human development and learning from
, bds , mds , dds , is an oral and maxillofacial radiologist currently working as faculty at midwestern university , glendale , az . prior to joining midwestern university , dr parashar was the assistant professor of biomedical and diagnostic sciences at university of detroit mercy in detroit michigan . dr parashar has been the winner of 2006 howard r. raper oral and maxillofacial radiology award given by american academy of oral and maxillofacial radiology . dr parashar has received doctor of dental surgery ( dds ) from the
, had recently been appointed head master , and at
, faia , studied at
studied at the
studied architecture at the
was educated in delhi public school . later on after getting a gold medal from sindh province , he completed his college at the prestigious
was educated at
( born in 1969 in wheaton aston ) is an english philosopher and businessman , based in nigeria . he studied philosophy at the
was educated at the university of notre dame , graduating with a b.a . in government and international studies in 1970. taylor was involved in the reserve officers ' training corps during university and in upon graduation , was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the united states air force . he became a trainee agent in the u.s. air force office of special investigations , and then attended the u.s. air force special investigations school in washington , d.c. from 1970 to 1972 , he was a counterintelligence officer at the middle east , africa and south asia division of the air force office of special investigations . from 1972 to 1974 , he attended the
was born in taiwan and moved to the united states at the age of 6. he graduated from
( born 9 may 1967 , amsterdam ) is a netherlands evolutionary psychologist who currently holds a professorship in group and organizational psychology at the vu university ( vrije universiteit ) amsterdam , the netherlands . van vugt has affiliate positions at the institute for cognitive and evolutionary anthropology at university of oxford , uk , and the university of kent , uk . mark van vugt studied psychology at the
attended haileybury college . he later received his mb from university college , london in 1890. in 1931 , he received an honorary lld from the
attended
had a difficult time on his arrival back to america . the first thing charley did when coming out of the military was go to church and light a candle for his then , recently deceased grandmother and gave thanks . he was then bed ridden with malaria three different times . charley realized how much the war negatively affected all those involved and joined the vietnam veterans against the war . once relieved of illness charley went to work in the fields , however decided that he did not want to do menial for the rest of his life . charley was able to pursue an education through the g.i . bill and working part-time jobs . he attended
faculty , students and alumni ) maintained a rigid and robust physical education curriculum , which he developed during his esteemed career at santa clara high school . a consummate physical education proponent ,
was born on august 23 , 1970 in the city of leningrad . he is married and has two daughters . in 1992 he graduated from the
and his family fled to the united states during world war ii . initially arriving in new york city , the ancich family settled in southern california seven years later . he attended
( iowa ) and attended concordia theological seminary . in 1879 , he was ordained into the lutheran ministry . he subsequently held a teaching post at st. olaf college .
is the director of the smithsonian institution 's national museum of the american indian as of december 2 , 2007. he is a former professor of law at the sandra day o’connor college of law at arizona state university in tempe , an affiliate professor in its american indian studies program and co-executive director of the university 's american indian policy institute . gover , 52 , grew up in oklahoma and is a member of the pawnee nation of oklahoma and of comanche descent . he received his bachelor 's degree in public and international affairs from princeton university and his law degree from the
was born in aylesbury , england . she attended
or fereidoon adamiyat ( tehran 1920 - march 29 , 2008 ) ( ) was a leading social historian of contemporary iran and particularly the qajar era . he was the son of abbasquli adamiyat , a pioneer of the iranian constitutional revolution . fereydun adamiyat received his b.a . from the
was educated at
( born may 6 , 1949 in lumnishta , decani , kosovo ) , is an albanian-american businessman , activist , visionary and publisher . he acquired his higher education at the
( december 13 , 1877 -- may 19 , 1960 ) was a pitcher in major league baseball who played one game for the new york giants in 1899. he also attended
was born on 22 august 1881 in muskington county , ohio . he received his bachelors degree from
had his first major break with spirogyra , written in 1970 while he was still a student . this work displays a passion for intricate and sensuous textures that remain the hallmark of bainbridge 's style today . he was educated at
, the concept of quantum cryptography and is one of the founding fathers of modern quantum information theory . born in 1943 in new york city , he earned a b.s . in chemistry from
is a canadian historian at queen 's university , kingston , ontario , where he has taught since 1988. his primary interests are canadian cultural and political history ; the economic and social history of atlantic canada , especially nova scotia , in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries ; and theory and historiography , particularly canada as liberal order . mckay earned his ba and phd from dalhousie university under the supervision of michael cross . he also holds a masters degree from the
and merton college , oxford ( ba 1957 , ma 1961 , dphil 1961 ) . he was lecturer in medieval history at the university of liverpool 1960-68. he then returned to oxford to become fellow and tutor in medieval history at st peter 's college from 1968 until 1997 , when he was appointed fellow emeritus . from 1976 until 1997 he was also lecturer in medieval history at merton college . he was slade professor of fine art for the academic year 1987-88 and in 1993 he was named university reader in medieval history . in 1997 he became the first catholic and the first layperson to be appointed
( born august 10 , 1961 in memphis , tennessee ) is an american experimental filmmaker who makes films , videos , installations and web projects exploring the relationship between personal observations and broader historical experiences . she is known for weaving together poetry , collage , painting , politics and layered sound design . after graduating from brown university and majoring in history , she developed an interest in experimental documentary filmmaking while attending the 1985 robert flaherty documentary film seminar through a scholarship . there , she was particularly inspired by the works of bruce conner , who would later become her mentor , and maya deren . that same year , sachs moved to san francisco to attend
was born in 1930 in far rockaway ( queens ) , new york . he graduated from
was born in kensington , london . a descendant of richard harris barham and edward augustus bond , he was educated at
in 1953. ms. shelton was married briefly to classmate frank grimmer while attending texas western college ( now the university of texas at el paso ) . after divorcing and winning a contest to appear on a television game show , ms. shelton was offered a scholarship to the pasadena playhouse where her contemporaries included oscar-winner gene hackman and rue mcclanahan . ms shelton was one of the last `` hollywood debutantes '' selected by the industry and presented at the hollywood debutant ball by joan crawford and bob hope . while at pasadena playhouse , she met and married actor/director carl j. monson . in 1964 , with carl , she founded the curtain call theater in north hollywood . in addition to working in the theater throughout the 1960s , ms. shelton focused on her television career as
was born in rheinpfalz , germany in 1875 , immigrated to the u.s. in 1880 , and came to ridgewood in 1892. he studied architecture at the
( born september 24 , 1965 ) is an american actor known for his numerous television appearances . he is also a musician and screenwriter , along with his wife , michele . he was born in alexandria , virginia , where he graduated from
earned his bachelor 's degree from
( 1903-1988 ) was an american legal scholar and california judge . he graduated from the
whilst studying at
began shooting , killing two , and wounding thirteen . bryan zuckor , a fellow student , was the first killed , as he and another student were shot in the bathroom where williams began . williams then exited the bathroom and headed for the
. in may 2006 , the uwg booster club honored him with the establishment of the
( 1911-2004 ) was an italian conductor best known for his work with italian and french opera . from 1957 he was largely resident at the vienna state opera . a native of como , he graduated from the
( born 1944 ) is a canadian activist . he grew up in chilliwack , british columbia , graduating from chilliwack senior secondary school in 1962. he was class president . he studied at the
( born 1987 in uppsala , sweden ) is a composer living and working in brooklyn , new york . between 2006 and 2009 he studied with pär lindgren and jesper nordin at the
is an american artist and enthusiast . she is a graduate of
in 1976. he then received his phd in sociology from the university of london in 1983. this was followed by a post-doctoral research fellowship funded by the economic and social research council in 1984 .
was a graduate of
was educated at
attended
studied at
, co-founder of peace research abstracts and peace research reviews , was the recipient of the 1997 pearson medal of peace and was elected a member of the order of canada in 2007 for her work in peace research and international relations . newcombe was born hanna hammerschlag on feb. 5 , 1922 in prague . she was the only surviving child of arthur and paula hammerschlag ( née seger ) ; an older brother , georg , was killed in a tragic kitchen accident when he was a toddler . her childhood and early adolescence were in prague . when she was 17 , the nazis marched into prague , prompting her jewish parents to emigrate with her to canada in 1939. her father was able to obtain a visa through contacts made in the course of his business as an importer of grain . as a canadian requirement of their immigration , the family managed a fruit farm near grimsby , ontario , for several years , moving to toronto after the second world war . newcombe earned a b.sc from
( born 1977 ) is an english playwright , librettist and television writer , particularly known for his plays for young people . he is a graduate of the
was the second son of sir thomas fanshawe , queen 's remembrancer of the exchequer , and first son of joan smythe , daughter of customer smythe and fanshawe 's second wife . as such he was half-brother of henry fanshawe . he was educated at
entered at the
has over thirty years experience as an award winning television and radio presenter and producer , and has also acted professionally for much of that time . more recently he has found success as a playwright and director for the stage , with a number of his scripts being published and performed both at home and abroad . further details of mark 's plays and career can be found at his website www.mark-seaman.com his acting credits include c4 's `` brookside '' , and the cult '90s film , `` human traffic '' , in which he appeared as reporter jeremy factsman . he has appeared in numerous stage productions and professional pantomimes , mainly as a dame ! mark also works successfully as a voice-over artist in film , tv , video and in the corporate sector . additional broadcast credits include regular daytime programme presentation for both radio and tv with the bbc and for commercial broadcasters . mark also spent some time in senior broadcast management and as programme controller/director for a number of stations , including
earned her bachelor of science ( 1954 -- 58 ) from the
. she graduated from the
in belleville , a town some 30 miles from detroit . in school he befriended
was born in the city of taganrog to a pharmacist 's family . she studied at the
was born and raised in upstate new york . he received his bachelor 's from
was born in new york city , new york , and lived between there and miami beach , florida , throughout his childhood . as a teenager , he attended the
is a fashion model and spokesperson in her country . she has earned her bachelors of arts degree from the
and later entered business . he was elected at the 1931 election as conservative mp for islington west . this seat being marginal , donner was selected for the safe conservative seat of basingstoke for the 1935 election , against the wishes of conservative central office who preferred sir francis lindley.the papers of sir henry maxence cavendish drummond wolff appear to indicate that sir oswald mosley interviewed
was born in nimis , the sixth of the seven children of giuseppe and anna ( née comelli ) antoniutti . studying at the seminaries in cividale and udine , he accompanied archbishop antonio anastasio rossi of udine during world war i on rossi 's frequent visits to military hospitals and to parishes in areas occupied by austro-hungarian forces . in november 1917 antoniutti went to rome , where he studied at the pontifical roman seminary and
graduated from
was a student at the
is the chairwoman of the berkeley county school board in south carolina . bounds is currently up for re-election to a third term representing district 6 ( includes moncks corner , pinopolis , macedonia , and bonneau ) . bounds graduated with honors from the
attended
was born in london , and is of scottish descent . he was educated at
studied at
is a native of oklahoma city , ok , where he attended public school within the putnam city school district and graduated from putnam city west high school in 1974. his interest in photography began in high school as a photographer on the school 's student newspaper , the towne cryer , and the yearbook , patriot profile . during his senior year , shaw won first place as the state champion high school photographer in the oklahoma interscholastic press association annual competition . after graduating high school , he attended
was born december 10 , 1837 in boston . his father was also named peter cushman jones ( 1808 -- 1885 ) , and his mother was jane macintosh baldwin , whose grandfather isaac baldwin ( 1738 -- 1775 ) died in the battle of bunker hill . he traces his ancestry to several notable early bostonians , including thomas dudley ( 1576 -- 1653 ) and daughter anne dudley who married simon bradstreet . he was fourth of nine children . he was educated at the
, ( 1843-1913 ) was the son of the rev . david and mary ( evarts ) greene , and was born february 11 , 1843 , at roxbury , massachusetts . immediately after graduating , he went to palmyra , wisconsin , where he taught school until june 1865 , at which time he removed to waukegan , illinois , where he taught for one year . in the fall of 1866 , having decided to study for the ministry , he entered the
( prof. dr. , 11.03.1924 , hildesheim , germany ) is professor for economics and applied mathematics . he was professor at the university of chicago , university of yale and brown university . he received honorary degrees from the
also stood out in the world of ballet . he was a student of william ( bill ) sarazen of the puerto rico school of ballet . he also studied at the ballet de san juan ballet company . in new york he was a student at
is an american scholar , author , classicist and numismatist . he received an undergraduate degree from
is a trumpet player based in toronto , canada . turcotte is a graduate of the
and ethel christian methuen , and grandson of the 9th earl of carlisle and the 3rd baron methuen . he was educated at eton and
serves on the boards of numerous organizations including the boston private bank & trust company , angel healthcare investors , llc , boston medical center , the jewish fund for justice , the new israel fund , israel policy forum , jewish community housing for the elderly , and the wgbh educational foundation . he chairs the board of combined jewish philanthropies of greater boston . he received an honorary degree from the
graduate who had served in the navy before becoming a lieutenant in the 8th dragoons . edwards had inherited enough money from his father , a military historian and descendant of oliver cromwell , to allow them to live comfortably . although they never legally married , she became his common-law wife and began referring to herself as mrs .
, was a boston merchant and a partner in the london banking firm of j. s. morgan and company ( later known as j.p. morgan & company ) . when endicott peabody was 13 , the family moved to england . he prepared for university at cheltenham college , a secondary school in cheltenham , gloucestershire , finishing in 1876 at the age of 19. he was graduated from
( born in milwaukee , wisconsin ) is an american film director and producer . he attended
completed his doctoral thesis in composition at the
is an indian businessman is chairman and managing director of a company which he founded in 1989. microland is one of india 's leading providers of outsourced infrastructure management and technical support services , employing more than 1,600 staff . pradeep kar is the 2006 president of the bangalore chapter of tie , the indus entrepreneurs . he is an alumnus of the
was born on january 18 , 1937 in mt . olive , illinois and grew up in decatur , illinois . his parents were arthur f. and lavetta heien . in 1959 he received a b.s . ed . degree in music from
was born in nashville , tennessee in 1938 and raised in tennessee and florida . he was educated at
( born 27 november 1970 ) is a british actor and comedy writer in theater , film , radio and television . he graduated with a ba ( hons ) degree in theatre at
attended the
was professor of psychology and political science at the
was born in 1711 in lancaster county , virginia to a relatively well off merchant and planting family . he went to scotland to study at the
set out from lumbini to kusinagara , the site of buddha 's death , before heading southwest to the deer park at sarnath where buddha gave his first sermon , and where xuanzang found 1,500 resident monks . travelling eastward , at first via varanasi , xuanzang reached vaisali , pataliputra ( patna ) and bodh gaya . he was then accompanied by local monks to
. dick graduated from the
's family moved from chicago , illinois to las vegas , nevada , and he graduated from
( 1865 -- 1953 ) was a professor of chemical engineering and applied electrochemistry at the university of wisconsin -- madison . born in thomaston , maine , watts received his bachelors degree from
on 8 december 1958. he then did pastoral work in bombay as curate at st. stephen 's church until 1961 , when he was sent to rome to further his studies . he there attended the
was born in bridgeport , connecticut , to ice capades skating stars and choreographers nathan and edith walley . she attended
is professor of new testament language and literature and editor of the journal of religious thought at the howard university school of divinity . he also serves as chair of the ph.d. program and immediate past chair of the doctor of ministry program . he has been on howard 's faculty since 1981. prior to coming to howard , he taught within the department of biblical studies ( 1978-1981 ) at princeton theological seminary . dr. felder is an ordained methodist minister within the united methodist church . from 1969-1972 , dr. felder worked as the first national director of the united methodist black caucus , then headquartered in atlanta , georgia . in 1990 , he founded the biblical institute of social change ( bisc ) , headquartered in washington , dc . a prolific writer , his publications include true to our native land ( augsburg fortress , may , 2007 ) , the first african american commentary on the new testament ; troubling biblical waters : race , class , and family ( orbis books , 1989 ) -- 16th printing ; and the original african heritage study bible ( winston publishing company , 1993 ) . a world-renowned scholar , he is a sought-after lecturer , consultant and media interviewee . he has appeared in usa today , the washington post , the new york times and ebony , and on bet , pbs and nbc . dr. felder holds a ph.d. and a master of philosophy degree in biblical languages and literature from columbia university in new york ; a master of divinity from union theological seminary in new york ; a diploma of theology from oxford university , mansfield college in england ; a bachelor of arts in philosophy , greek & latin from howard university in washington , dc ; and a diploma from the boston latin school . he maintains dual residences in washington , d.c. and in mobile , alabama , that he shares with his bride , dr. jewell . he is the father of one daughter , miss akidah felder , a graduate of spelman college and dual master 's student at
was educated at
attended
and the law school . bill frist , a cardiothoracic surgeon and former u.s. senate majority leader , is a faculty member at vanderbilt university medical center . the prime minister of somalia ,
attended the
( born november 19 , 1985 in elmendorf , texas ) is an american football linebacker who is currently with the tennessee titans . he was signed by the steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. he graduated in 2004 from
received her law education at
was born the youngest child of six siblings to a family of rinzai practitioners . according to his own account , `` blessed with a profound karmic relationship with the buddha , i entered the priesthood at age two and left my parents to live in a zen temple as a priestling . '' nishimura graduated from
was educated at
( born 21 december 1940 ) is a swedish biochemist known as a redox pioneer . he studied medicine at
is a chinese mainland actor , who was born in jinan , shandong . he has n't revealed his birth year , so the public does not know his age . judging from his acting years , he is around 30 years old . he graduated from
was one of four children and the only daughter of taiwanese immigrants . she was born in chicago and raised in chicago and california . she graduated from the
( 1972 - ) is an engineering professor at rice university specializing in swarm robotics . he appeared on nova on pbs . in addition , he is a winner of the 2003 lemelson-mit prize and completed his ph.d. in computer science in may 2008 at the massachusetts institute of technology computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory . he earned his master 's degree in electrical engineering from the
( born mitch fertel in 1968 in manhattan ) is a stand-up comedian in new york . he was raised in yonkers , new york and began doing stand-up at the age of 15. in 1988 fatel attended nyu/
played college basketball at syracuse university from 1996 -- 2000 , where he averaged 11 points per game and almost 7 rebounds per game . his senior year he was named big east defensive player of the year . at the end of his syracuse career , thomas was drafted 12th overall in the 2000 nba draft by the dallas mavericks . he also played basketball at
's father bought of land and established a dairy ranch . joe and his three brothers all attended
( july 19 , 1910 -- may 9 , 1986 ) was the first head coach of the houston cougars men 's basketball team from 1946 to 1956. pasche also served of as an assistant coach for the houston cougars football program as a line coach from 1946 to 1947. while at the university , pasche served as an associate professor of health and physical education . pasche was a 1932 graduate of
was born in bangkok , thailand . she studied at
was born in aberystwyth , wales , in the united kingdom . guy whatley was educated at the university of bristol , the staatliche hochschule für musik und darstellende kunst , stuttgart where his teacher was ludger lohmann , and at
was born on 14 november 1851 in killerton , devon , england . he was the third son of sir henry wentworth acland , 1st baronet , and sarah cotton , and the grandson of sir thomas dyke acland , 10th baronet . acland was educated at winchester college and christ church , the
attended the u.s. naval academy in annapolis , maryland ( class of '91 ) . he left before the end of his first year ( less than one hundred days from the `` plebes no more '' ceremony at herndon monument ) and transferred to the
was raised in oklahoma , where he attended
( born 1945 ) is a british edwards professor of egyptology at the institute of archaeology , university college london , and was the head of the department till 2010. he received his ph.d in egyptian and greek papyrology from the
( born copenhagen , march 18 , 1809 - died there december 11 , 1875 ) was a danish painter and drawing master . he was the father of painter axel helsted , and the grandfather of composers carl helsted and edvard helsted . from 1834 to 1837 he studied at the
was born in rio de janeiro . he spent several years in boston , massachusetts , while his father , a naval engineer , continued his graduate studies at m.i.t. , studied at the military college in rio . he later received a degree in industrial chemical engineering from the
's world war i speeches gave him a desire to travel and get a government job . he attended the
was born in giles county , tennessee . after being educated in a country school , he attended
. he is of german and irish descent . he attended
( born 8 november 1970 lincoln , nebraska ) is an american poet and teacher of poetry . young graduated from
graduated from the royal military college , duntroon in 1975. following graduation , he was assigned to the royal australian infantry corps . he holds a bachelor of arts degree from the university of new south wales and a graduate diploma in defense studies and management from deakin university . he attended the british army
was born in edmonton , canada , and spent her childhood in chicago , illinois , and lexington , massachusetts , where she studied violin with the polish-american violinist roman totenberg , professor of music at boston university . she spent summers at the meadowmount school of music as a pupil of ivan galamian . at 16 , huang received a full scholarship to radcliffe college , harvard university ; while there she studied with noted american violin pedagogue dorothy delay . during that time , huang also attended the aspen music festival and school and tanglewood music festival on major scholarships . after graduating from harvard , she continued music studies with an m.m . in violin performance at the stony brook university , and finished with a doctor of musical arts in violin under the guidance of isidore cohen and lazar gosman , former concertmaster of the leningrad philharmonic . huang did postdoctoral work at
came from montclair , new jersey he was an army veteran of world war ii with the rank of colonel and served in military intelligence . he graduated from
( born 9 january 1978 ) is an italian footballer who plays for novara in the italian serie a. he played over 150 matches at
( born helsinki 1944 ) is a finnish art historian , author and professor emeritus in art and architecture history at the
was educated at
first met in 1998 in essex . lissack had attended bancroft 's school , while okereke attended
in milledgeville , georgia and was a student and a letterman in football . in football , he was a class 5a all-state selection .
, who worked with thomas edison in chicago in the late nineteenth century . his mother , born anna katherine noll , was born in frankfurt au main , germany . she came to the united states in 1914 to work as governess for the mayor of san rafael , california . after completing high school , ortman enlisted in the united states naval air corps v-5 program . upon his discharge in 1946 , he studied at the california college of arts and crafts ( now the
attended
, 1st baronet . his father was one of the richest textile manufacturers of the early industrial revolution . peel was educated first at
was born in the sydney suburb of waverley , the son of william aston , who was speaker of the australian house of representatives 1967 -- 72. having attended waverley college , ray graduated from the
of port eliot . he was educated at
was born , raised and educated in east haven . she received her mba from
( born 20 august 1985 ) is a rugby union player for the western force in the super 15 competition . he plays as a first five-eighth . he was born in murupara , new zealand . ripia attended
was born on the 12th of june , 1971 in the hague . from birth he was surrounded by music : classical from his mother who is a music pedagogue , and jazz from his father who is a gynaecologist with a great love of oscar peterson and art blakey . this musical family , which includes two older brothers , marius and alexander , moved in 1972 to groenlo , where peter received his first piano lessons at the age of six . although originally both parents did not associate the word `` musician '' with the word `` career '' , music is definitely in the family 's blood . both marius ( 1966 ) and alexander ( 1968 ) become professionals on string bass and tenor saxophone , respectively . after college , peter studied from 1989 at the
( bergeson ) , born in 1946 , is a singer , author and game inventor , and a 1968 graduate of
, a student at the
was invited by bob spitzer , owner of science and behavior books , to attend training by fritz perls and virginia satir , and was later hired by spritzer to assist , transcribe and edit recordings of perls for a book . just before fritz perls died he completed the first draft of the gestalt approach which he gave to robert spitzer . bandler helped spitzer edit this draft and also listen to recordings of perls working with clients which were transcribed for a second book titled , eye witness to therapy . at the time , bandler was an undergraduate student at
is an american television writer . she graduated from
is an american politician of the democratic party . he ran in 2004 for ohio 's 16th congressional district against republican incumbent ralph regula . the 16th district includes the city of canton , ohio , and overlaps portions of stark , wayne , medina , and ashland counties . seemann received support from the internet organizations
received his bachelor of arts degree from
and his younger brother patrick were born to artist parents and raised in richmond , virginia . henry 's parents divorced when he was eight years old and he was primarily raised by his mother . he attended
( born march 27 , 1978 in tyler , texas ) is a former american football and canadian football player . he played college football at
was born in kensington , london in 1878. he attended
received her bachelor of music degree in viola at the
was born on april 26 , 1932 in hisar ( a district of east punjab , now a part of haryana ) in india , the second son of a government servant . he graduated from king edward medical college ( lahore ) in 1954 and later received his master 's degree in islamic studies from the
is an american soap opera writer , originally from falmouth , ma . he is a 1997 graduate of
( born 2 november 1979 ) is an australian world rowing championships , olympic games rower and an international man of mystery . he attended
at the boston university school of theology , where he has been the walter g. muelder professor of social ethics since 1990. he also studied under robert n. bellah at
is a television writer . he graduated from
, cbe , qc , fba ( 19 september 1932 -- 3 january 2010 ) was a british practising barrister , specialising in international law . after an education at
was born in oulart , county wexford in 1980. he was born into a family that had a strong association with gaelic games , as his father , mick jacob , won both leinster and all-ireland medals in hurling with wexford . jacob was educated locally and later attended enniscorthy cbs . it was here that his skill at the game of hurling was developed and he won an all-ireland `` b '' colleges ' medal with the school . jacob later studied at the
was born in qala , gozo , on february 19 , 1912 , the third child of salvatore and concetta ( née falzon ) . he was educated at the government primary school , qala ( 1916 -- 1922 ) , the gozo seminary ( 1923 -- 1927 ) , st aloysius ' college malta ( 1928 -- 1930 ) and the
was born into a sailor 's family . in 1913 , he was graduated from the alexander gymnasium in tallinn ( reval ) . starting in 1913 , he studied at the
has taught new testament at virginia theological seminary since 1994. she has also taught at
, a british author , was educated at oundle and
was born in binghamton , new york to stephen gale and evadene swanson . she graduated with a b.a . in english from
( born 1941 , east orange , new jersey ) is an abstract painter and writer working out of her studio in ithaca , new york , since 2000. she studied fine art at cooper union for the advancement of science and art ( 1961 -- 63 ) , the university of southern california ( 1959 -- 60 ) and the university of california ( 1966 ) . she received a b.a . in english from
is well known for his role in mean girls in 2004 , however , his claim to fame is stemmed from the tv show are you afraid of the dark ? in which he played tucker . daniel attended martingrove collegiate institute and graduated in 1999. after attending mci , he then attended
, defining authentic native american art . juanita suazo dubray , a lifelong resident of taos pueblo , is a native american potter . in 1980 , at the age of 50 , dubray began making micaceous pottery , upholding the tradition of her mother and their ancestors . dubray added an element of sculptural relief with icons of corn , turtles , lizards , and kiva steps in relief ; her original corn design her most recognized symbol . lori ``
with the show
of mark hall , latton , in essex , sheriff of london in 1557 , and sheriff of essex in 1570 , by elizabeth blancke , daughter of thomas blancke of london , haberdasher , and sister of sir thomas blancke , who was lord mayor of london in 1583. altham was educated at
received a doctorate from
in 1976. the following season , he joined hall of fame coach
. he graduated from the
( simplified chinese : 欧阳中石 pinyin : ōuyáng zhōngshí ) is a famous chinese calligrapher . he is currently director of chinese calligraphers association and associate professor in capital normal university . graduated from high school , ouyang zhongshi studied at
, daughter to u.s. air force colonel richard m.gill and shirley squire , spent her early childhood migrating with her father 's military assignments in the air force weather service from alaska to wiesbaden , germany ; washington , d.c. to alabama , and by middle school , colorado springs , colorado . she attended
was born in damascus in 1942. he graduated from the
is a professor of physics at the university of pennsylvania and director of triumf . he was educated at
left the beakert group in 1994 and became a member of the board . he holds a degree in applied economics from the
was born june 10 , 1895 , in wichita , kansas , to former slaves . she was the youngest of 13 children . her father , henry mcdaniel , fought in the civil war with the 122nd usct and her mother , susan holbert , was a singer of religious music . in 1900 , the family moved to colorado , living first in fort collins and then in denver , where hattie graduated from denver
received a b.a . from the
in san luis obispo , california , found nearly 10,000 library books in his rented storage locker . at that time , he had 87 overdue books and five years of the magazine civil war times checked out from the cal poly-sbo library ; the materials were valued at over $ 2,000 . hasford 's book collection included books borrowed ( and never returned ) from dozens of libraries across the united states , and from libraries in the united kingdom and australia . others were allegedly taken from the homes of acquaintances . among them were 19th-century books on
earned his master of music from the
, recently marked his thirteenth year as outdoors editor of the kent/ravenna record-courier , as the company tv shoots and popular ohio multi-species instructional fishing videos now account for the bulk of their time . clearly , when it comes to the outdoors and the appreciation thereof ,
attended the university of nebraska and northwestern university . between 1965 and 1967 , he studied at the
, cb ( 1767 or 1775 -- 7 april 1838 ) was a prominent british royal navy officer of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries . hayes was best known for his skill at seamanship and his interest in the design and construction of naval vessels , beginning with his childhood education at
was born in talysarn , in dyffryn nantlle , a first cousin to t.h . parry-williams and sir thomas parry . he later studied in aberystwyth for two years and left without any qualifications , but became a primary school teacher for some period of time . in 1907 he returned to his studies in
( born 1964 ) ( aka andrea immer and andrea immer robinson ) is dean of wine studies at the
( born 1951 ) is a tenured assistant professor of gender and development at birzeit university . she is also the co-founder and current director of the institute of women 's studies at birzeit and a core group member of the arab families working group . a prominent figure in the territories palestinian women 's movement ) , jad also helped to establish the women 's affair centre in gaza and nablus , les amies du francis , the child corner project in el-bireh , and the watc ( women 's affairs technical committee ) . jad carried out gender consultancy for the united nations development programme and was a co-author of the united nation 's arab human development report of 2005. she earned a bachelor 's degree in political science from
, grobler enrolled at the cape audio college and nel started working fulltime .
, and then completed his doctoral studies at the
was the youngest of six children born to an anglican clergyman , who died when he was three years old . he was educated at the high school of dundee , st andrews university and
where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age . he was a strong all-rounder and on leaving received the school 's top award for sporting and academic excellence , the fortescue medal . contemporaries with edwards at west buckland school included victor ubogu and steve ojomoh , both former bath and england rugby international players . edwards now has a sports hall at west buckland named after him ; the
( august 5 , 1797 -- june 11 , 1861 ) was a peruvian physician , born in catacaos , piura ( peru ) . he studied medicine at
was born in kankhal , in the haridwar district , the eldest son of hans ji maharaj , leader of the divine light mission ( dlm ) , and hans ji maharaj 's second wife , rajeshwari devi , also known as mata ji . satpal maharaj was educated at
is well known not only in armenia , but also all over the world . for many years he held high the honor of armenian sport both in the former soviet union and in different countries of the world . vardanyan was born in 1929 in yerevan . in 1953 after graduating from yerevan state institute of physical training , from 1958 to 1963 he continued his studies at
( born 1948 , missouri ) is an american novelist and short story writer . she has also taught at
is an american flautist with an active career as a soloist , recitalist , and chamber musician . born in new zealand , martin studied at the
( january 7 , 1876 -- august 29 , 1947 ) was born in lumban , laguna , philippines . he finished his bachelor of arts degree at
was born in buffalo , new york , where she attended nichols school . yoonessi was a member of buffalo 's first all-girl band bertha mason during the riot grrrl movement in the early 90s . yoonessi studied photography and film at the
( born february 25 , 1963 ) is an american politician and logger . trahan is a republican state senator from maine 's 20th district , representing lincoln county , including his residence in waldoboro . he graduated from the
graduated from
( 1853 , steyr , austria -- 1909 , venice , italy ) was an austrian art historian , and is considered a member of the vienna school of art history . wickhoff studied at the
( born march 2 , 1979 in salzburg ) is an austrian vehicle designer . he studied industrial design at the
and began his career at peter wilson 's sotheby 's in 1966. during his 17 years with the company he initiated the victorian painting department at the newly opened sotheby 's belgravia in 1971 and was head of the british painting department ( 1840 to contemporary ) until his departure in 1984. he was also a senior director sitting on the chairman 's committee and advisor to the british rail pension fund on victorian paintings . the british rail investment collection of victorian paintings that
and sarah ( payne ) kirby on november 16 , 1860 in tyler county . first taught to read & write by his mother , his formal education later on was limited to rural schools and one semester at
, which was the school his father attended . then , on the 23rd of january 1976 , 77 years after his birth ,
, was born in chennai , tamil nadu , and graduated with a bachelors and masters degree in electrical engineering in 1984 and 1986 respectively . his family has moved to hyderabad , the capital of andhra pradesh in south india , where his parents live in retirement . during his bachelors degree at the
is a 24-year old retail business manager from ashtead , surrey . he was educated at the state comprehensive
williams ( hhw ) was born in 1858 in gates county , north carolina . he was born to a farming family - his father was a country doctor who did not attend college . horace , fortunately , attended the
. he worked in st. giovanni bosco parish in milan until 1986. he was sent to the pontifical ecclesiastical academy in rome , where he obtained a doctorate in theology and a licentiate in canon law at the
, his cousin . he published his first poem at the age of 16 , published in the mathrubhoomi weekly . he did his intermediate at
( born may 10 , 1963 ) is an american animation director and a business partner in rough draft studios , inc. , where he serves as sr. vice president of creative affairs . he is one of a handful of artists who in the early 90s redefined prime time television animation with his work on the simpsons . his directing credits include the simpsons , futurama , the critic , drawn together , spy vs. spy ( for madtv ) and baby blues . he was also the supervising director on futurama and the critic , overseeing the creative production of both shows . his most recent work was sequence director on the simpsons movie and animation executive producer on the futurama dvd movies . he studied animation at
. in 1809 he went to
is an australian actor , born in tamworth nsw . he attended
( born january 17 , 1988 ) is an american softball player . she attended
( born c.1820 , died june 1 , 1913 ) was a quebec lawyer and political figure . he was born about 1820 ( some sources say 1821 ) near fermoy , county cork , ireland and came to canada with his family in 1828. he studied at the
graduated from
dedicated her early years to the study and performance of classical music . she received a degree in english philology from the
( also known as farouk abdel wahab ) is an egyptian academic and translator based in the usa . he was born in tanta and studied at the university of cairo . he received a ba degree in 1962 and an ma in english literature in 1969. he pursued doctoral studies at the
( born july 31 , 1947 in st. petersburg , florida ) played safety for the pittsburgh steelers from 1971 to 1977 , and for the san diego chargers from 1978 to 1981. edwards is a
attended the
was born in canada . originally from slovakia , her father and mother ( from bohemia ) fled the soviet occupation of czechoslovakia to settle in israel in 1949 , moving to canada in 1952 . ( her father was a passenger on the ill fated pentcho which left bratislava in 1939 and was shiprwrecked in the aegean sea in 1940 , after which the passengers were rescued by the italians and eventually taken to the ferramonti di tarsi internment camp in the consenza province , italy . ) kohn was awarded a diploma in social work from ryerson polytechnical institute , then achieved an hon.b.a . in sociology and religion at concordia university in montreal , canada . rachael then earned an m.a . ( rabbinic thought and the new testament ) and a ph.d. ( sociology and history of religion ) in religious studies from canada 's mcmaster university . for both degrees she also studied buddhism . she taught religious studies at mcmaster university in canada , at lancaster university in england , where she was leverhulme post-doctoral fellow in religious studies . she also taught religious studies at the university of waterloo in england , and then at the
had obtained the same scholarship three years previously . he went first to
( born in wimbledon , 1963 ) , studied fine art/ sculpture at
( 30 march 1869 - 13 january 1949 ) was an english brewer and cricketer who played for derbyshire between 1891 and 1893 and was later umpire in first class matches in scotland . tomlinson was born at winshill , derbyshire the son of henry george tomlinson and his wife cecilia mary lowe . his father was a director of thomas salt and company brewers of burton on trent . he was educated at
attended central high school , a red-brick victorian building better known as `` the castle on the hill '' . neighbors recalled that koval spoke openly of his communist beliefs . while attending central high he was a member of the honor society and the debate team . he graduated in 1929 at the age of 15. koval studied electrical engineering at the
, one of the signers of the texas declaration of independence and the source of the word `` '' . he studied at , the
( 19 march 1838 turku - 9 august 1907 helsinki ) was a finnish poet and playwright . he studied at the
was educated at the university of oklahoma , receiving a bachelor 's degree in business administration and the university of oklahoma college of law , receiving an ll.b . in 1954. from 1954 to 1956 , he served as a judge advocate officer in the united states air force judge advocate general 's corps , with assignments in japan and at the air university at maxwell air force base . he then attended the
is a famous former gambler from toronto . molony graduated from the
( also known as rodney jack roth ) ( 1927 -- 2004 ) was a 20th century american painter who developed a style as an abstract expressionist , and as a color field painter . after studying with mark rothko at the california school of fine arts , he received a master of fine arts from the state
was born in kansas city , missouri . he graduated from the
in spring valley , california . in his senior season , he was the team 's
is the youngest of three children of advertising executive , eduardo ballori and conchita ballori . he graduated from
is a professor of bioengineering at the university of washington in seattle , washington , united states . she received her ph.d. from the
( born 1967 ) is a professor of english language and literature at suffolk university in boston . he earned his b.a . from boston college in 1989 , his m.a . from the college of william and mary in 1990 , and his ph.d. from the
, 1st viscount bledisloe and the hon . bertha susan lopes , daughter of henry lopes , 1st baron ludlow . he was educated at eton and
was graduated from
whom they met at
( born 22 december 1982 ) is an american sprinter . martin is a native of las vegas , nevada . martin was a state record holder in track and field . he attended
studied law at
. he received his early education from the
received an honorary doctorate from the
, viscount campden , and the sister of edward , first earl of gainsborough . ) he attended
( born 1942 , negeri sembilan , malaya ) is a renowned contemporary ink-painting artist in malaysia . cheah is considered the second generation of nanyang-style contemporary ink-painting artist . he graduated from chung hua high school in seremban , malaysia in 1959 before proceeding to singapore 's nanyang academy of fine arts . there , he studied both chinese and western painting under the tutelage of artists such as chen wen xi , choong soo peng , chen zhong rui , shi xiang tuo , and georgette chen . he held his first exhibitions in 1962 , and has since won a number of awards from art institutes in malaysia , singapore , and taiwan . his paintings often include trees . from 1990 to 2002 , he served as a lecturer at the malaysia institute of art in kuala lumpur ; he also returned to his hometown to found the seremban institute of art . he received his doctorate from the
was born and raised in nashville , tennessee , where he attended
, is an actor as well as a film fight coordinator . devon began acting when in grade five . he is a graduate of the
is the guitarist for the pioneering metalcore band overcast . he also played guitar for the rock group seemless . he appeared in killswitch engage for a short period of time . pete graduated from
was born in hartford , alabama in 1899. he graduated from alabama polytechnic institute , now known as
was a professor of physics and astronomy from 1967 to 1975 and served as the head of the laboratory of astrophysics and physical meteorology . strong , one of the world 's foremost optical scientists , was known for being the first to detect water vapor in the atmosphere of venus and for developing a number of innovations in optical devices , ranging from improved telescope mirrors to anti-reflective coatings for optical elements and diffraction gratings . born in lawrence , kansas in 1905 , strong received degrees from the
, who at that time was superintendent of the great western railway workshops at chester . after a private education , he attended
spent his adolescence in san diego , where he graduated from
( b. dec. 20 , 1930 ; d. dec. 20 , 2005 ) was an eminent plant breeder and agronomist who helped usher in the green revolution in india . he obtained his ph.d. from
, was born in chania on the island of crete . she studied at athens school of fine arts with dimitris mytaras her professor . she graduated in 1998 with `` excellent '' as a grade . she received her master 2005 from the
, a graduate of
( born 1968 in toronto , ontario , canada ) is a canadian film director and screenwriter . he grew up in quebec city , in the province of quebec . he studied film production at
was born in portland , oregon . he attended
studied at the
, sr. , was an insurance salesman , and his mother sold avon products . the family relocated to the west coast and settled in los angeles in 1949. cochran later graduated first in his class from
received his ba in religious studies from the university of california , santa barbara in 1987 , and thereafter studied in china , japan , and taiwan for several years before pursuing his phd at
is an advisor to the lincoln group . he is the ceo of della femina rothschild jeary and partners and was named by advertising age as `` one of the most influential advertising people of the century . '' jerry , who was born in brooklyn , graduated from lafayette high school and attended brooklyn college . he received an honorary doctorate from the
was educated at
is a professor of communication arts and sciences department at penn state university . he has authored and co-authored over 50 manuscripts primarily on the role of emotion and persuasive influence . dillard graduated in 1976 from the university of kansas with a bachelor 's degree in speech communication and psychology . in 1978 , he earned his master 's degree in communication from arizona state university and in 1983 , he received a ph.d. in communication from
graduate jim foley , told reporters he had seen the body of
, who arrived in new france from avremesnil ( normandy ) in 1656. in 1834 théophile was already taking art lessons from antoine plamondon . for a while he attended the
was born in stockton , california on february 19 , 1919. he was educated at the
was educated at the
graduated from
headed tishman realty and construction , a firm established by robert 's grandfather julius tishman in 1898 with the construction of a six-story tenement building on the lower east side that was built using the proceeds of his department store in upstate new york . he attended the
at the coronation of his uncle , king george vi , in may 1937. he was educated at
was raised in massachusetts . he attended providence college in providence , rhode island , receiving his bachelor 's degree in 1993. he obtained his master 's degree in mathematics from the
was born on november 11 , 1970. he is a 5th generation tennessean . he received a b.a . in public administration from the
was born in bandung , indonesia , and emigrated to holland in 1968. wullur studied music at the sweelinck conservatory with willem brons and received a degree in piano . she also studied composition with ton de leeuw at the same conservatory , and continued her studies in 1988 at the
( 1789-1882 ) , provost of oriel , oxford . hawkins was born at bisley , gloucestershire . he was educated at
( ? -- 13 december 1951 ) was a british journalist and editor . born in edinburgh , he attended
( born march 20 , 1968 in france ) is the former head soccer coach of the
was educated at the former
( born march 12 , 1984 ) is an american television writer and author of the book more than a label . she is currently a writer for nbc 's parks and recreation , created by greg daniels and mike schur . previously , she was a staff writer for fox 's animated comedy sit down , shut up , created by mitch hurwitz . she graduated from
was born in hamburg , germany . shortly after nazis came to power in 1933 his father was attacked in the street . during the same period , six year old yaakov was surrounded by neighboring german boys who swarmed into the garden and stuffed his mouth full of dirt . the family managed to reach england but hitler 's voice screaming `` the accursed jews '' still dominated their lives . in 1938 and 1939 yaakov went to school with refugee children who were brought out from central europe at the last moment in `` kinder transporten '' organized by rabbi dr. solomon schonfeld . he later studied modern european history at
of charterhouse square , london . he was born in london on 6 march 1811. he was educated at
was born in shikarpur , sindh . after completing his initial education in shikarpur in 1998 , he moved to hyderabad to explore art , where he met with artist , art teacher and writer fatah halepoto . he worked for 3 years in hyderabad under the influence of his teacher . in 2001 he enrolled in the department of fine arts at
( born in jammu on 30 august 1944 ) had his early education in jammu and completed his llm in constitutional and administrative law . he earned a ph.d in labor adjudication in j & k state from
was born in spoleto , and studied at the pontifical roman seminary before being ordained to the priesthood on 5 december 1886. he then did pastoral work in rome from 1888 to 1904. during that time , pompilj was made auditor of the sacred congregation of the council in 1891 , an official in the apostolic penitentiary in 1896 , and prelate adjunct of the congregation of the council on 16 march 1898. he was raised to the rank of a protonotary apostolic on 18 december 1899 , and was named auditor of the
received an honorary doctorate in 1996 from
and fabio carbone completed a 1-2 finish for the team at the prestigious
from 1958 to 1964 , and was department director of chemical engineering from 1961 to 1963. he also taught at the university of rochester and the university of delaware . with sidney d. kirkpatrick and cecil h. chilton , perry supervised the production of the 4th edition , published in 1963 .
( born 17 february 1929 in london ) is a british actor . he was educated at
earned a b.a . from
graduated from
was a botanist , and follower of jean-jacques rousseau . he did not have the conventional classical literary education , but he learned something of science from from his uncle benjamin meggot forster . the great comet of 1811 aroused his interest in astronomy , a science which he continued to pursue , and eight years later , on 3 july 1819 , he himself discovered a new comet . he matriculated at
was born in hemel hempstead , hertfordshire . with the encouragement of her mother frances , she took dancing lessons as a child and , as early as 1950 , had her hair styled by the celebrated raymond bessone ( `` mr teasy weasy '' ) for the part of will o’the wisp . taylor later studied at the
attended
school . in an interview with the german television station zdf in 2006 , he commented : `` my father died when i was just a child , and i escaped somehow into the music and music has been my best friend . '' zimmer began his career playing keyboards and synthesizers . he worked with the buggles , a new wave band formed in 1977 with trevor horn , geoff downes , and bruce woolley . zimmer can be seen briefly in the buggles ' music video for the 1979 song `` video killed the radio star '' . after working with the buggles , he started to work for the italian group krisma , a new wave band formed in 1976 with maurizio arcieri and christina moser . he was a featured synthesist for krisma 's third album , cathode mamma . he has also worked with the band helden ( with warren cann from ultravox ) . both zimmer ( on keyboards ) and helden ( on drums ) , were invited to be part of the spanish group mecano for a live performance in segovia ( spain ) in 1984. two songs from this concert were included in the `` '' album released in 1985 only in spain . in 1980 zimmer co-produced a single , `` the history of the world part 1 , '' with , and for , uk punk band the damned , which was also included on their 1980 lp release , `` the black album , '' and carried the description of his efforts as `` over-produced by
was born jessica ellen cornish in romford , essex and was educated at mayfield high school in the london borough of redbridge . she attended
is a public high school in edon , ohio . it is the only high school in the edon northwest local schools district . their nickname is the bombers . they are members of the buckeye border conference and , for football only , the toledo area athletic conference . athletically , the most famous edon high school alumnus is
was one of the finalists in the soviet journalist-in-space project and a candidate for space flight . in 1992 , while already having a russian candidate of sciences degree , he graduated from the
currently is a us citizen . he is an assistant professor at the university of hawaii 's academy of creative media . he studied philosophy at mcgill university and cultural studies at the university of victoria before he got his phd from
. two of the founders , jeff stewart and david uyttendaele previously founded the internet design firm square earth . square earth eventually merged with another web design firm , proxicom in january 1998. the combined companies went public on april 14 , 1999.. after the merger , jeff stewart decided to explore the idea of an online printing company after thinking of the idea while waiting at a retail copy shop at 2am in san francisco . he once again partnered with david uyttendaele and another associate , key comptom to start the company . they recruited another fraternity brother and rpi graduate
before reading history at corpus christi college , oxford , where he studied for a doctorate after taking the diploma in celtic studies under sir idris foster . he held a bergin fellowship at the dublin institute for advanced studies from 1968 to 1969. he then was a junior
is a 1959 alumnus of
( born 1967 ) is a lebanese composer and pianist . he attended the
is a member of the london group . he is a fellow of the chartered society of designers and the free painters & sculptors . he is also a design associate of the american institute of interior designers . he received an honorary doctorate from
studied law at the
was born in cambridge , ohio , to john herschel glenn sr. and teresa ( née sproat ) . he was raised in new concord , ohio . glenn studied mathematics at muskingum college , and received his private pilot 's license as physics course credit in 1941. when the attack on pearl harbor brought the united states into world war ii , he dropped out of college and enlisted in the u.s. army air corps ; however , the army did not call him up , and in march 1942 he enlisted as a united states navy aviation cadet . he trained at
is an australian actress , who has appeared in television , film and theatre roles . phaedra graduated from australia 's
. from 1879 to 1885 he studied at
( born 5 november 1961 ) is a bestselling author and physician . she was born in miramar , new zealand , a suburb of wellington . in 1991 , she obtained her medical degree from the
. brian morton ( born 1955 ) is an american author , born in new york city . he graduated from
. james graduated from the
of kelston , somerset and was baptised at kelston on 19 may , 1627. he matriculated at
and his wife lucy rich , second daughter of robert rich , 2nd earl of warwick.. he was educated at
( 25 november 1911 - 19 september 2001 ) was a welsh cricketer . thomas was a right-handed batsman who bowled slow left arm orthodox . he was born at swansea , glamorgan . thomas was educated at
. this was part of a core sociocultural transformation that became known as the san francisco renaissance . regarding that , alan watts stated , `` i know what it is , but when you ask me , i do n't . i am too close to what has happened to see it in proper perspective . i know only that between , say , 1958 and 1970 a huge tide of spiritual energy in the form of poetry , music , philosophy , painting , religion , communications techniques in radio , television , and cinema , dancing , theater , and general life-style swept out of this city and its environs to affect america and the whole world . ''
( born 1952 ) is an american artist . he lived in chicago for over twenty years . he is currently teaching painting at the university of alaska in fairbanks , alaska . michael has received numerous awards including a rasmuson foundation grant , illinois art council fellowship and an arts midwest/nea regional fellowship . he received a bfa from
. he was educated at eton college . stourton first came into the public eye at the age of 17 when he wrote and starred in kassandra , an award-winning edinburgh festival production about the vietnam war . he studied at
( b . 1936 ) , whom he met at the
is an egyptian-canadian author and academic . she was born in cairo in 1965 and studied french literature at ain shams university . she worked for several years in the french service of radio cairo and in the arts faculty at menoufia university . she also lived for a time in paris . in 1995 , she obtained a masters in french literature from
and morgan freeman received an honorary phd from
music student
, also a royalist has just completed his degree in bachelor of science in computing specializing in multimedia , obtaining a first class honours and coming first in the order of merit from university of staffordshire . he had carried out his studies at the asia pacific institute of information technology (
was born in el salvador on august 4 , 1921. he graduated from the
attended
( 1919 -- 2003 ) was a distinguished chemist who is considered a pioneer in inorganic photochemistry . his research made significant contributions to the understanding of physical adsorption and contact angle phenomena , and the thermodynamics of surfaces and irreversible adsorption . born in shanghai , china , he received his b.s . in chemistry at the university of california at berkeley in 1940 and his ph.d. in physical chemistry at the university of chicago in 1944. after two years as a research associate for the manhattan project in oak ridge , tennessee , he began a career at the
, a teacher at bath technical school and later organist at bath abbey . the church organ was one of the main loves of his life , apart from science . he worked in the cosmic ray research team at the university of manchester until the outbreak of world war ii , during which he worked for the telecommunications research establishment ( tre ) developing radar systems to be installed in aircraft , among them
was raised in a large extended family on the shankill road in belfast . in 1957 he began a `` combined scholarship '' studying english and spanish at queen 's university , belfast , and education at stranmillis college , belfast . his tutor at queen 's was the poet laurence lerner , and he was a classmate with the future literary critic robert dunbar and the poets seamus heaney and seamus deane . after graduating , mcwhirter taught in kilkeel and bangor , county down , northern ireland , and in barcelona , spain , before moving to port alberni , b.c . canada . after receiving his m.a . from the
( august 17 , 1870 -- december 5 , 1952 ) was a norwegian-american politician . born in tromsø , norway , he immigrated to the united states at the age of seven . he graduated from the
( née taft ) was born october 10 , 1953 in terrace , british columbia , canada . in 1977 she received a bachelor of education degree from the
studied at
, who plays `` smash '' williams , graduated from the
before enrolling in yale college . he received a doctor of humane letters in 2007 from yale . he provided over half the necessary funding for the recently completed
, who later would be named to the supreme court of canada . he graduated from
. in 1758 , after five and a half years of apprenticeship , he was admitted to the
graduated with his bachelors of science degree in international finance from
. he went to
. he was deaf from an early age . he attended
and his uncle , architect oliver h.p . la farge i. he received a bachelor of arts degree from
is a writer and actor from toronto , ontario , canada . his poems and short fiction appear in the collection jason taniguchi 's very sensible stories and poems for grown-ups from kelp queen press . he has also both written for and appeared in the history television series history bites . taniguchi is known for his one-man science fiction parody shows at ad astra , for which he received the 2003 aurora award in the category fan ( other ) . jason is a graduate of the
graduated from
was educated at
, ( born 31 december 1967 ) was born in dhule , maharashtra , india and later on moved to the uk . manoj is a graduate of the
. in 1879 he graduated from the
and graduated from the national outdoor leadership school . brother
( 1861 -- 1936 ) . he was educated at cazenovia seminary , graduating in 1990 , then on to
, who served in the canadian house of commons , and lorette roy . fournier studied at the normal school in hull , at the collège brébeuf in montreal , at the
worked various jobs to help pay the bills . he was known to drive fast and be quick to fight , apparently attempting to emulate his hero billy jack . he attended
was born on may 4 , 1967. kevin received a b.a . from
was the national clay pigeon shooting champion on 1912. he was a
in penzance , cornwall , jackson was a child prodigy and began performing as a concert pianist at age 6 and as an organist at the age of 12. he also started conducting choirs and orchestras as a teenager and worked as a producer at the bbc from 1965-1968. he earned both a fellowship diploma from the
is a regular instructor at the
received many awards : in 1966 he received an honorary doctorate in engineering from
( born february 19 , 1983 ) is an actress and citizen of both the united kingdom and mexico . she has lived in both countries with her scottish father and mexican mother . later , she attended the
lives in the bay village neighborhood of boston . he has been an instructor at
, and a sister ; actress and musician cassidy freeman . all three siblings attended the latin school of chicago , where he graduated in 1990. he earned his bachelor of arts degree from
was of ethiopian-jewish ancestry , born in adwa . he and attended haile selassie university , graduating with a bachelors degree in 1971. shortly afterwards he soon left for the netherlands where he did his graduate work , receiving his master 's in industrial management at the research institute for management science degree in 1973. upon returning to ethiopia , he worked for the international labor organization . shortly after the derg assumed power , he left for sweden accepting an international post with the swedish international development agency , where he worked for the next 10 years . dr. kinfe received his phd from
( born july 30 , 1934 , new york ) is an american mathematician working in the area of ergodic theory . he received a ph.d. from the university of chicago in 1957 under the guidance of irving kaplansky . during his career at
( 1551 -- 1624 ) was an english ecclesiastical lawyer and scholar . initially working as a clerk at a consistory court he attended the
attended
graduated from dartmouth in 1861 and studied for the ministry at
is a national basketball association ( nba ) coach and scout , and a former college basketball player at
the proponent for the founding of seattle 's pike place market . revelle was born in maryland but moved to seattle in 1898 where he arrived to serve as a minister at a local church . he studied law at the
is a professor at the penn state college of information sciences and technology . most of her research concentrates on end user programming , computer supported cooperative work ( cscw ) and human-computer interaction ( hci ) . prior to teaching at penn state , rosson taught at the
the x tchaikovsky competition 's 2nd prize , with no 1st prize awarded . two years later she graduated from the
was born on november 2 , 1959 in chittagong . was grown-up in old dhaka , the historical part of the capital of bangladesh . his grand father was one of the constitution-maker of india and a famous lawer who migrated into east pakistan , which became bangladesh . rumi saw a dogfight between a pakistani and an indian fighter plane in 1971 from rooftop during the liberation war . rumi graduated from
at the university of toronto and at the glenn gould school with marc durand . he completed his doctoral studies at the
. there he served as a messenger in the office of judge c. r. faulkner , director of the pension office . in september 1887 , he enrolled at columbia law school ( asserted by vernon gipson to have been a prior designation for george washington university law school ) . on october 17 , 1888 , he matriculated to washington and
was born in bessemer , alabama in 1905 to rev . and mrs. bennie j. brown , a prominent african-american family . her mother was a teacher . they encouraged her education . in 1931 brown graduated from
at nottingham . at a later period ( 1800 -- 01 ) , when wakefield was imprisoned in dorchester for writing a political pamphlet , hibbert , though not wealthy then , sent him £1,000 . he entered
holds a bachelor of arts from
received his b.a . from the
attended
, the 14th president of the united states . pierce attended
( born 18 september 1957 ) is a british architect . his most famous design is the burj al arab in dubai , united arab emirates . born in croydon , a town in greater london , united kingdom on 18 september 1957 , wright studied at the
is a film producer , business partner with ben stiller in the company , red hour productions , and an actor . his hometown is tarzana , california , and he attended the
. he was formally educated at the
grew up in methodist girls school . she then attended
, london after studying illustration at the philadelphia college of art , now the university of the arts in philadelphia . in england they made their first short films , which no longer exist after the only print was irreparably damaged . they spent some time in the netherlands in the 1970s and then returned to england where they teamed up with another royal college student ,
( born 1950 ) is an artist who was born in niigata , japan . he received a bachelor of fine arts degree from kanazawa city arts and crafts college in 1975 and a masters in art education from
was the son of rev . william morris colles , vicar of melton mowbray . he was educated at
in virginia . he moved to eufaula , alabama , after graduation and read law . he passed the bar exam in 1849 and opened an office in clayton , alabama , where he married victoria and raised a family . two of his sons ,
( march 1 , 1924 -- august 3 , 1993 ) was a chilean writer , known since her earliest writings for the subversive nature of her texts . she first wrote la brecha ( `` breakthrough '' ) in 1961 , which is considered to be the first feminist latin-american novel . this novel caused dismay from the reactionary segment of society and loud applause from the critics and is considered a revolutionary departure from the traditional treatment of the feminine role in marriage . `` breakthrough '' is a novel that ends with the heroine awareness that she did n't really need to depend upon a man in order to lead a fulfilling life . the book enjoyed an unexpected publishing success and went through five consecutive editions . mercedes valdivieso had the extreme audacity to become an innovator ; she bridged the gap between romantic and domestic fiction in a society where women have been viewed as a sexless gender , icons of virtue , and depending on men to meet the necessities of life . valdivieso also was founder and director of `` adan '' a men 's magazine , she published articles in newspapers and magazines and she gave many lectures and speeches . she taught literature at the university of peking , at the university of houston , at
attended
, who studied at
( born august 4 , 1987 ) is an american football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent , he has played for the pittsburgh steelers . he played college football at the
is the author of the stuart mallory mystery series . he graduated from
( born january 13 , 1989 ) is an american football safety for the green bay packers . he attended the
was born in warsaw in 1878 to bronisław-fryderyk werner and maria-paulina strasburger , sister of the famous botanist eduard strasburger . he studied first at the
( ) ( october 27 , 1895 - april 1969 ) was a general in the national revolutionary army of the republic of china . he was born in chaohu , anhui , and attended the
, oxford . in 1938 his friendship with a fellow balliol student ,
( born serang , banten ; october 5 , 1959 ) has been indonesia 's minister of agriculture since october 2004. he studied at the
. born in exeter , new hampshire , gilman attended phillips exeter academy , exeter , new hampshire , and pursued classical studies . he was graduated from
the second of three children grew a love for soccer at an early age . joe quickly became a top player at his hometown club east meadow . joe went on to represent many other youth team throughout new york including hbc , bw gottschee , fc westchester , brooklyn knights , albertson , long island select and new york odp south , joe 's youth career was successful with many league and state titles . joe attended
was born in chicago , illinois , usa , on may 6 , 1937. he received an ms. degree in physics in 1959 from the
, also known as dan chan the magic man , was born in san francisco , california on october 22 , 1977. chan attended lowell high a bay area magnet school in san francisco . chan later attended the
in manchester , mcdonough made his professional debut with the international hockey league 's flint spirits in the 1986 -- 87 season . mcdonough made the national hockey league in the 1988 -- 89 season , playing in four games with the los angeles kings .
is an american abstract artist . he was born in 1947 in an ethnically diverse section of los angeles . alan was the middle of three children in a jewish family . he received his b.s . in art in 1971 from
graduated from the
graduated from
( , ) , is an israeli political scientist and former politician . weiss was born on july 5 , 1935 in borysław , poland ( now in ukraine ) in polish jewish family to gienia and meir wolf weiss . as a holocaust survivor , he migrated to palestine in 1947. he graduated from the
attended the
( born september 7 , 1954 in glendale , ohio ) is a former major league baseball pitcher who played for one season . he pitched in five games for the kansas city royals during the 1979 kansas city royals season . he played college baseball at
di milano , in i giacobini by federico zardi , under the direction of giorgio strehler . during the 1960s ,
, born stephen hites , is a u.s.-born freelance journalist currently living in the u.k. his works include two non-fiction books and numerous magazine articles . he graduated from the
( b. january 31 , 1926 , new york , ny , d. august 5 , 2003 , new york , ny ) was a federal judge for the united states district court for the southern district of new york . judge ward received a b.s . from
was born in summit , new jersey , and moved to cleveland , ohio when he was six years old , where he graduated from
, rector of hurstpierpoint , west sussex , who died in july 1807 , and frances , daughter of the rev . mr. dawson . he entered merchant taylors ' school in 1790 , and proceeded to
received an honorary doctorate from
. carter was a member of the virginia military institute ( vmi ) class of 1849. he earned medical degrees from the
taught at the
grew up in la val in south tyrol ( italy ) . he studied medicine at the university of bochum , the university of birmingham , the paris-sud 11 university and the university of tübingen , where he received his medical doctorate in 1995. he received his postgraduate medical training in internal medicine at the university of freiburg in freiburg im breisgau . from 1996 until 1999 ulrich mahlknecht was a graduate student at the
received a master 's degree in history from the université des sciences humaines ( university of social sciences ) ( now the university of strasbourg ) and , in 1989 , a master 's degree in political science and administration from the
was born in columbus junction , iowa on april 9 , 1908. he was educated at the university of iowa , receiving his a.b . in 1930 , his a.m. in 1931 , and his ph.d. in 1933. he then attended the
, a
was born on tresco , isles of scilly , where his ancestors lived for many years . he grew up in norfolk . he attended
was born in chicago in 1920. he attended
graduated from the faculty of arts at the
was born to art director harry baweja and producer pammi baweja . his family are arora sikhs from the baweja clan of punjab . he received his education in mumbai , starting at jamnabai narsee school . he later attended kishore namit kapoor 's acting institute and then the
was born in rockford , illinois . he graduated from
graduated from the
received his early education at
was educated at
( born june 2 , 1976 ) is the queen consort of king letsie iii of lesotho . she was born as anna karabo mots'oeneng in mapoteng in the berea district the eldest child of thekiso mots'oeneng and his wife 'makarabo . in 1990 queen 'masenate enrolled at the machabeng international college in maseru and studied there until 1996. in 1997 she attended the
in philadelphia , pennsylvania , to lester crawford and helen broderick , who were both vaudeville performers , as his grandparents had been . his father appeared in films in the 1920s and 1930s ; his mother had a minor career in hollywood comedies . he joined his parents on the stage , working for producer max gordon . when vaudeville went into decline , he attended
began his coaching career at california state polytechnic university , pomona , where he coached the defensive backs from 1974-1976. after coaching the defensive backs for two seasons at san jose state university , skipper moved to the offensive side of the ball , coaching the running backs at university of the pacific in 1979. he then went on to coach the running backs at
( born 1945 ) is a contemporary philosopher of science , with a research focus on the philosophy of biology . she received her ph.d. from the
also attended the
is a british music & television producer . born and raised in walthamstow , london he attended the
, a belgian poet . he was educated at
graduated in architecture at the
began performing on radio at age three , playing the ukulele and singing . by age 15 , he had been playing guitar for nearly 10 years . he joined the local musicians union and began playing his first professional engagements . in the 1940s , joe toured nationally , and was featured , with the shep fields orchestra for several years . his career was then sidetracked by two years in the army . upon returning home , he performed locally with his brother , pianist bobby negri , and decided to return to school . he enrolled at
( born october 23 , 1980 ) is a former wnba player who played for the phoenix mercury . she also played for the san antonio silver stars . she was the sixth overall pick in the 2003 wnba draft . she attended the
, usmc , a 1917 graduate of
, in 1968. he later received a bachelor of arts at the
is the first born son of the late mwansa folotiya , a lawyer and lydia folotiya , a school teacher who founded one of zambias pre-eminent private schools , rhodes park school , in 1973. a young folotiya attended the international school of lusaka in his early years where among other things he developed a love for break-dancing and rap music . while still in his teens , his parents sent him to the united kindgdom to complete his education . between 1985 and 1989 he went to stonyhurst college where he completed his o and a levels and later a civil engineering degree which he studied for at the
in west newton , a village in newton , massachusetts . the fessenden school is the oldest all-boys independent junior boarding school in the country . there he met and became friends with richard pershing , grandson of first world war u.s. gen. john joseph pershing . former massachusetts senator
( born 3 april 1969 in cardiff ) is a welsh baritone opera singer who studied at
in the 1956 u.s. junior amateur semi-finals but lost to harlan stevenson in the finals . he graduated from the
( 1875 -- 1948 ) was an american plant physiologist , born at grand rapids , michigan . he was educated at the
was born into a telugu niyogi brahmin family of musicians and brought up in chennai . his father u. ramachander was a musician who could play eight instruments and his grandfather varaha narasimha murthy was the court 'vidhwan ' for the king of vijayanagaram bobili in the state of andhra pradesh . vidyasagar started learning vocal classical music and harmonium from his father at the age of four . when he was eight-years-old vidyasagar joined dhanraj master . in fact both a. r. rahman and vidyasagar had joined on the same day . vidyasagar learnt guitar for 3 -- 4 years there , then the piano . vidyasagar studied western classical music at the
. they 're all basically about a young male being obsessed by a beautiful woman and then being trapped in his own logic of what love is ... `` anxiety '' received the prix decouverte de la critique francais and was screened in critic 's week in 2002. at that point he developed a style of movie making and playing with narrative structure . he graduated from the
attended
attended
is a beauty pageant contestant who represented singapore in miss world 2008 in south africa . she won two subsidiary awards during the finals of the national pageant : `` miss body beautiful '' and `` miss popularity . '' she studied communications at
( born april 20 , 1984 ) is an american football safety for the utah blaze of the arena football league . he was signed by the blaze as a free agent in 2011. he played college football at
was born in cincinnati , ohio to samuel l. kuhn , an industrial engineer , and minette stroock kuhn . he obtained his b.s . degree in physics from harvard university in 1943 , and m.s . and ph.d. degrees in physics in 1946 and 1949 , respectively . as he states in the first few pages of the preface to the second edition of the structure of scientific revolutions , his three years of total academic freedom as a harvard junior fellow were crucial in allowing him to switch from physics to the history ( and philosophy ) of science . he later taught a course in the history of science at harvard from 1948 until 1956 at the suggestion of university president james conant . after leaving harvard , kuhn taught at the
obtained a degree in classical archaeology from the
( december 10 , 1903 -- march 23 , 1987 ) was an italian painter who was born in cavenago d'adda , italy and died in milan , italy . he was also known simply as giuseppe dossena . he attended the
, he attended
, a graduate of the
currently serves as the phillips distinguished professor of international studies and chair of the department of geography at the university of north carolina at chapel hill . pickles attended the
,
studied bandura initially under andriy omelchenko and then later completed his studies at the
. he is the first cousin once-removed to indycar driver marco andretti . his father , aldo andretti , retired from driving a race car after he nearly died in an accident . andretti is a graduate of the
attended the university of the south in sewanee , tennessee and received a b.a . in 1901 and an m.a . in 1902. he started his theological studies there , but transferred after one year to
was born in marylebone , middlesex to john and louisa ann ( née grant ) lister . he had two younger siblings named charles and anne . they were related to nineteenth century diarist anne lister . lister grew up in sandown on the isle of wight and halifax in the west riding of yorkshire . he attended
was born and raised in jackson , michigan . she grew up playing sandlot ball with her neighborhood kids at an early age , most of them boys , but did not start playing organized softball until she was 16. kellogg graduated from
and finished her b.a . in history at uc berkeley . a native southern californian ,
at eugene . prior to this , he served as director of bands at fred c. beyer high school in modesto , california . he also substitutes at john f. kennedy middle school in hanford , california .
is a graduate of the
is an american lawyer in charleston , west virginia who is better known for his collegiate basketball career at
alumnus
graduated from the
decides to work for a moment before continuing his studies . provincial minister of health maurice nyoka hires him as employee at the advance for home funds ( maisons des fonds d’avance ) service , while his chief of staff yapele already has his own candidate . for this reason , dungia reported , it caused him so much trouble that it eventually persuaded him to resume his studies . so he enrolled at the
is a writer , thelemite , a member of the golden dawn tradition , and bishop tau ty of ecclesia gnostica universalis , as well as an initiate of wicca . webster holds a master of divinity degree from the
, was the athletic director for the university of maryland from 1956 to 1969. he is a graduate of
douglas scott was the eldest son of walter montagu douglas scott , 5th duke of buccleuch & 7th duke of queensberry and lady charlotte anne thynne , daughter of sir thomas thynne , 2nd marquess of bath , and the hon . isabella elizabeth byng . he was educated at
( 1845 -- 1911 ) was a native new yorker , born in the small town of theresa ( a name that he employs for important characters in earth revisited ) . he was educated at
. lapham attended the hotchkiss school and went on to
holds a bachelor of arts degree in home economics from the
was born in flensburg . he studied sociology and musicology at the
was a governor of tennessee . he graduated from
has broad experience with both american and chinese journalism . he worked as a researcher at the new york times beijing bureau . he graduated from
( born july 2 , 1980 ) is a professional american heavyweight boxer of puerto rican and italian descent and the former defensive end at boston college . he enrolled in the
attended
, a woodcarver , and his wife jane , née smith . william had siblings alexander sutherland , george sutherland and jane sutherland . the family emigrated to australia in 1864 , staying in sydney for six years and then moving to melbourne in 1870. sutherland later graduated from
was born in canada . originally from slovakia , her father and mother ( from bohemia ) fled the soviet occupation of czechoslovakia to settle in israel in 1949 , moving to canada in 1952 . ( her father was a passenger on the ill fated pentcho which left bratislava in 1939 and was shiprwrecked in the aegean sea in 1940 , after which the passengers were rescued by the italians and eventually taken to the ferramonti di tarsi internment camp in the consenza province , italy . ) kohn was awarded a diploma in social work from ryerson polytechnical institute , then achieved an hon.b.a . in sociology and religion at concordia university in montreal , canada . rachael then earned an m.a . ( rabbinic thought and the new testament ) and a ph.d. ( sociology and history of religion ) in religious studies from canada 's mcmaster university . for both degrees she also studied buddhism . she taught religious studies at mcmaster university in canada , at
is increasingly focused on his ministry work , including the development of a number of books to be published starting in 2008. he is currently a percussion instructor at
went to college on a national science foundation scholarship , attending the
attended
is a conceptual artist and educator with an interdisciplinary art practice . pujol was born in 1957 in havana , cuba and spent time in puerto rico and spain before relocating to the united states in 1979. pujol engaged in a number of intellectual pursuits doing undergraduate work in humanities and visual arts at the university of puerto rico , in spanish art history at the universidad complutense in spain and in philosophy at st. john vianney college seminary in florida . he pursued graduate work in education at the
attended
studied at the
. his family transferred between different high class subdivisions in metro manila until they stayed in la union to manage their family business . he graduated with a college degree at the
born on january 26 , 1956 at nasirabad ( ajmer ) spent his early years in jodhpur , jaipur , udaipur for education . in 1967 he was selected for national merit scholarship and sponsored to vidya bhawan public school , udaipur for schooling . in 1971 he enrolled for engineering in
( ccrma ) , specializing in audio signal processing for music applications . at ccrma , he studied with pioneers in the field like john chowning , max mathews and julius smith .
( born march 30 , 1984 ) is a production assistant on abc 's jimmy kimmel live . sells , who was born in toronto , ontario , canada , began his show business career by appearing as a child extra in many movies , including john carpenter 's 1995 cult classic , in the mouth of madness . he attended
graduated from
( may 22 , 1837 -- 1927 ) was an american astronomer , born at great easton , leicestershire , england . he graduated from the
( born may 1950 , albuquerque , new mexico ) is an american arts administrator , currently the general director of the santa fe opera in new mexico . he is the son of john and margaret mackay and a graduate of
was raised in toledo , ohio where she graduated from
graduated from
was born on august 21 , 1981 at bayamón , puerto rico . at the age of 8 , she moved to daytona , florida with her family where her musical career began to flourish . she later studied `` musical education '' at the prestigious
was born in detroit on may 6 , 1942. he was educated at
was born in drammen , buskerud county , norway . his parents were søren anton poulsson ( 1847 -- 1934 ) and ina bolette jørgensen ( 1851 -- 1922 ) . he studied at den kongelige tegne- og kunstskole i christiania , now the norwegian national academy of craft and art industry in oslo from 1900 -- 03 , at the
is an adjunct professor of astronomy at the university of california , berkeley and a scientific staff member at the lawrence livermore national laboratory ( llnl ) . klein received his bachelor 's degree in physics from rensselaer polytechnic institute in 1966 and his phd in physics from
was born in 1880 , the son of james grimble groves , the brewer and conservative mp . robert groves was educated at
is a ukrainian-born jazz vocalist and violinist , and now a practicing psychotherapist and a faculty at florida international university . fredericks studied music in russia before moving to the united states in 1997. she attended
jnr . ( 1775 -- 1833 ) , was born on 28 may 1775. he was educated at
, is also an actress . she was raised in westchester county , new york , where she started her career by performing in summer stock with her family ; she earned her equity card at age 15. she studied at
( , natálya konstantínovna erdyníyeva ) ( born august 6 , 1988 in ulan-ude , buryatia ) is an athlete from russia who competes in archery . natalia is a student at
in dubuque , iowa in 1963. while he was a student at loras , bishop
( b . 1937 , baldwin , ny ) is a federal judge for the united states district court for the eastern district of new york . judge hurley received a b.s . from the
ii , who had been a world-class track and field hurdler while at the
was born in mexia , texas . he received an m.a . at the
, founder and president of the m.d.a.a. , received a degree from the
founded interfaith worker justice in 1991 as chicago interfaith committee on worker issues . bobo had previously been director of organizing at bread for the world and an instructor at the
. he attended
( 1920 -- june 6 , 2011 ) was a pioneer computer engineer . he received his bs from the
( arabic : روجيه تمرز ) is an international banker and venture capital investor who has had an active business career in oil and gas in the middle east , europe , asia and the united states since the early 1960s . born in 1940 in cairo , egypt to lebanese parents , tamraz grew up speaking fluent english , french and arabic . his early schooling was at the prestigious english school in cairo . he subsequently attended the american university in cairo , cambridge university in a ph.d. program , and the institut européen d’administration ( insead ) in fontainebleau , france . he received an mba in 1966 from
, was an aeronautical engineer , musician , and writer . his mother , nancy mars , performed as an actress and also trained as an artist . his parents cowrote a series of novels together . he entered the university of california , berkeley , in 1968 , and continued his studies at
, the former director of the federal bureau of investigation . he graduated from
was born in 1963 in sukhumi . in 1980 he graduated from sukhumi school no . 4 , v. mayakovski . in 1985 he graduated from the
. he has also attended the
( 1906-1992 ) was an accomplished russian-american puppeteer . he was born in siberia , close to the mongolian border and emigrated to the united states when he was very young . he received a bs and masters degrees from the
and started a law firm during 1879 with two wealthy classmates , his cousin perry belmont and george frelinghuysen . the firm of vinton , belmont & frelinghuysen lasted about five years . belmont was elected to the house of representatives and frelinghuysen married into the ballantine family and soon became president of the ballantine brewing company . when his friend
( born 1981 in montreal , quebec ) is the daughter of george bowser , half of canadian musical comedy duo bowser & blue . standing at 6'1 `` , she graduated from
discovered adult neurogenesis , the creation of new neurons in the adult brain , in the 1960s . as an independent investigator at mit , his results were largely ignored . in the late 1990s , the fact that the brain can create new neurons even into adulthood was rediscovered , leading it to be one of the hottest fields in neuroscience . altman continued his career at
( born , 1971 in sandusky , ohio ) received his bfa from
was born in del norte , colorado . he graduated from
is a south african long-distance runner . his early life was spent in johannesburg , where he attended
( born 1941 ) , also known as robert flint , is an american ceramic artist . he arrived in hawaii in 1960 for a summer of surfing and quickly realized that he wanted to stay . in 1961 he entered the
( 1777 -- 1855 ) graduated from
graduated from
in 1926 , later becoming the head of the industry department of the central office of economic accounting of the ussr . at the request of the communists in romania , he translated a part of lenin 's works in romanian , under the coordination of david fabian . for a short time in 1928 he was a member in political bureau of the central committee of the communist party of romania , along with fellow exiles fabian and elek köblös . he was arrested on april 5 , 1937 , during the stalinist purges . on april 25 , 1938 he was indicted with `` spying and provocative activities and membership in a right-wing counter-revolutionary organisation '' , and was executed on the same day .
was born october 15 , 1980 and grew up in a suburb of chicago named buffalo grove . he attended stevenson high school and proceeded to receive his education at
of venice with a gold medal , and been dubbed knight of the order of st. gregory by pope pius xii . agemian was a very gifted and capable teacher , who brought a complete change into erik 's seafaring life . during his voyages to south american ports ,
was born in kent and attended chetham 's school of music as a child . later he studied at the
was formed may 8 , 1943 and the nominally independent state of burma was proclaimed on august 1 , 1943 with ba maw as `` naingandaw adipadi '' ( head of state ) as well as prime minister . the new state quickly declared war on the united kingdom and the united states , and concluded a treaty of alliance with the empire of japan . ba maw attended the
attended the
attended the public schools . he was graduated from
and may v. mulligan . after receiving a b.a . degree from rutgers university in 1954 , he served in the united states navy , rising to the rank of lieutenant , junior grade . in 1960 he received a j.d . from
received a b.f.a . from
( born september 25 , 1991 ) is an american football linebacker for the georgia bulldogs , playing under head coach mark richt . ogletree graduated from
was born in bangalore , karnataka , to c. byre gowda and savithramma . he graduated with a master 's degree ( m.a ) from the
. immediately after graduation in 1925 , she married economist
's rhapsody in blue , which was premiered at the same concert . he began his studies in music at the
was born in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . he moved to miami , florida in 1972 to attend the
( born marcia silverman ; april 11 , 1940 -- october 17 , 2006 ) was the founding director of the new museum of contemporary art from 1977 to 1999 , a museum located in new york city , dedicated to innovative art and artistic practice . there , she organized such major exhibitions as the time of our lives ( 1999 ) , a labor of love ( 1996 ) , and bad girls ( 1994 ) , and was co-curator of a retrospective exhibition by the catalan artist perejaume at the museum of contemporary art in barcelona in 1999. she was the series editor of documentary sources in contemporary art , five books of theory and criticism published by the new museum . from 1999 to 2006 she worked as a free-lance art critic , writer , and lecturer . she taught at
attended
won the melville cane award of the poetry society of america for his book of criticism `` visions and revisions of american poetry '' and in 1992 he received a distinguished alumnus award from the alumni association of the university of connecticut . he was inducted into the meriden , connecticut , hall of fame in 1993 , and in 1999 he received the john ciardi award for lifetime achievement in poetry sponsored by the national italian american foundation . in may 2000 he received an honorary degree , doctor of humane letters , from ashland university in ohio and a second from the
, 5th baronet of arley , who had no children . sir peter died in 1813 and in his will he left the estates of warburton and arley to rowland junior , who was at that time still a minor . his father added the name `` warburton '' by royal licence in the same year . egerton-warburton was educated at eton college , and although he was admitted to
, born in the east indies , was the eldest son of joseph irwin taylor , colonel in the east indian army . he was educated at
graduated from
, a writer , and her father was chevalier carlo albanesi , an italian violinist . she attended the
, and he then studied at the
studied at
( born lynda faye peek in atlanta , georgia ) is an african american artist , art historian , educator , film critic and curator who currently resides in tuscaloosa , alabama where she is a professor of modern and contemporary art at the university of alabama at tuscaloosa since 2007. amaki graduated from georgia state university in atlanta with a b.a . degree in journalism and psychology . she obtained a b.a . degree from the university of new mexico in albuquerque , new mexico in photography and art history , and earned her m.a . degree in modern european and american art and a ph.d. in twentieth century american art and culture from emory university in atlanta in 1994. dr. amaki has taught art history at spelman college , morehouse college and atlanta college of art in atlanta , georgia ; kennesaw state university in kennesaw , georgia ; and north georgia college and state university in dahlonega , georgia . in 2001 , she became curator of the paul r. jones collection of african american art at the
was born in new york in 1951 to julius and shirly klevan . he received a b.a . in chemistry from
was born on january 15 , 1952 in ağalıkənd , bilasuvar rayon , azerbaijan ssr . after finishing secondary school in allar , jalilabad , he entered azerbaijan state university 's history faculty in 1970. after finishing the university , he worked in təzəkənd village , jalilabad rayon as teacher of history . in 1976 - 1977 , he worked as lecturer in baku branch of central lenin museum . in 1977 he entered doctoral courses of
. he graduated from
. from 1958 to 1968 ,
( b . 1930 in new york ) received a ba from
had hoped to follow in his father 's footsteps by establishing a career in medicine , however that was not to be . instead , he began a degree in agriculture at the
received a b.a. , m.a. , and ph.d. in sociology from
attended nyapeya high school , in nebbi district , for his s1 to s4 schooling . he then attended
graduated with a bachelor of laws in 1968 from the
was born in 1862 in campbell county near lynchburg , virginia , his family having fled there to escape the american civil war . after the war , his family returned to the tidewater area , and montague worked on the family farm and attended schools in middlesex county and williamsburg . after the death of his father in 1880 , montague left the farm and went to richmond , virginia . he received his college education there , from richmond college ( predecessor to the
, an insurance-inspector , and his wife elizabeth derbyshire . he was educated at
( 1826 -- 1898 ) , german palaeontologist and geologist , was born at dillenburg , nassau , on the 22nd of november 1826. he was educated at the universities of bonn , heidelberg and giessen , at the last of which he graduated ph.d. in 1846. he then studied at the
was born in batavia , dutch east indies , the son of dirk hannema and hermine elise de stuers . when he was five , the family moved to the netherlands . after graduating from high school and fulfilling his military service , he studied law at
was a graduate of warren high school in 1955. he attended
( july 6 , 1939 - november 16 , 2009 ) was a retired professor of mechanical engineering at brigham young university who was murdered . he was born to sherman and roxie mortensen in ephraim , utah on july 6 , 1939. kay graduated from
is currently a recently retired biology teacher from
( born november 11 , 1959 ) is a french architect based in london , uk . michel gained his diploma in architecture at the école nationale supérieure des beaux-arts up n°8 in paris , where he also engaged in philosophy under jacques derrida and michel foucault . his consistent design talent was recognised when he was invited to be a villa medicis hors les murs fellow at the cooper union school of architecture in new york , where he studied advanced design . he subsequently completed his masters in design studies at
was born in waterford in 1954. he was educated at
( born december 15 , 1976 ) is an american fiddler and singer specializing in old-time music . she grew up in elkhart , in northern indiana . her father is the traditional fiddler and banjo player dan gellert . originally a classically-trained violinist , she took up the old-time fiddle in 1994 , when she moved to north carolina to attend
, ph.d. ( 1868 -- 1935 ) was an american geologist , born at greenwich , england . he was educated at the
. he also helped oust ceo ron w. miller and hire eisner in 1984. he has played a leading role at usc ( past chairman of the board of trustees ) and the
was born in the dominican republic but his family emigrated to the united states where he grew up on the upper west side of manhattan and attended louis d. brandeis high school but rarely attended class . he did n't start to take basketball seriously until his senior year . he attended the
( born november 1 , 1962 ) is a poet , writer and activist . she was born in baltimore , maryland the daughter of an elementary school teacher , who later became a curriculum specialist , and a bus driver who was among the first black men to integrate the baltimore transit company . when she was a month old , her parents divorced and she and her mother lived with her grandparents . her mother later remarried and she had a turbulent upbringing , but it was her grandmother 's steadfast commitment to community that profoundly influenced her sense of social justice . while attending milford mill senior high school now milford mill academy in baltimore , she notes humorously that she played mrs. chumley in a production of harvey , the wife to dr. chumley played by the now celebrity ira glass , of `` this american life '' . she is a single mother , with a son and a daughter born in 1983 and 1985 respectively . muntu has organized extensively in baltimore , north carolina , savannah - and atlanta , georgia where `` she grew her political and feminist wings '' around issues ranging from gender equality to the death penalty . muntu has read her poetry at the
is a professor emeritus in the david r. cheriton school of computer science within the faculty of mathematics at the university of waterloo in waterloo , ontario . he is a former director of the symbolic computation group in the school of computer science . he received a ba in mathematics at the
( born july 17 , 1961 in kelowna , british columbia ) is a former canadian rower , who was a member of the canadian men 's eights team that won the gold medal at the 1984 summer olympics in los angeles , california . he was also a graduate of
was born in washington , d.c. and attended public schools in the district of columbia until his graduation from mckinley high school in 1964. in 1968 , he received a bachelor of arts degree in political science from howard university and , in 1971 , a juris doctor degree from the
was born in 1949 in matanzas and grew up in jovellanos , a cane-sugar manufacturing town in the same province . after the bay of pigs invasion in 1961 her parents decided to send her and her sister to live with their aunt and uncle in the u.s.a. she studied at tulane university , new orleans , where she read both music and mathematics , graduating summa cum laude in 1972 and receiving several awards upon graduation - a marshall scholarship from the british government , and a danforth and watson fellowships - which allowed her to continue her studies at the
. he was educated at
was born in 1920 in victoria , canada . ogilvie met his wife , eva diane , in 1938 and was married to her in 1943. during this time he attended the university of san francisco and studied psychology and also received his masters from portland state . shortly after his marriage the family moved to london so ogilvie could pursue his phd . he received his phd from the
( born 23 aug 1966 ) is an adventure , travel writer and actor . boorman took part in a motorcycle trip from london , new york , europe and asia in 2004 this was later made in to a television series . boorman attended
or r. cary capparelli of chicago , illinois , is the president of omni communique inc. , an international manangement and marketing company . he is also managing partner of novus ordo holdings s.a. , a vineyard entity . he is the son of ralph c. capparelli , an 17 term legislator in the illinois house of representatives . capparelli played collegiate ice hockey at northeastern illinois university winning two team scoring titles . he was named to the original central states collegiate hockey league all star team twice . he received his undergraduate degree from
was an astrophysicist , and his mother , meira diskin , was a cytogeneticist . his sister is the pianist orli shaham . he is a graduate of the
, 2nd baronet ( but the first by thomas ' third wife margaret ) , pelham was educated at
. he studied law at the
's academic life , including his education , was spent in new york . he graduated from the
attended harvard university , where he majored in physical sciences and sociology and played ice hockey . he then served in the united states navy , becoming department head on two destroyers . he then started a banking career , specializing in corporate finance . he gradually began going blind in the 1960s due to retinitis pigmentosa . by 1970 , gund was totally blind . in 1971 , gund co-founded the retinitis pigmentosa foundation ( now known as the foundation fighting blindness ) which supports research to find cures and treatments for retinal degenerative diseases . the blindness did not prevent him from being active in business and philanthropy . gund is the former president of the board of trustees of his alma mater ,
. he has a sister named chelsea and has a dog named willis . he attended
is a correspondent for , a canadian investigative newsmagazine television series which airs nationally on global tv . alex was previously with ctv for 5 years which included a role as news anchor at ctv northern ontario and reporter position at ctv toronto . born and raised in toronto , canada he graduated from
. he was educated at
studied english and psychology at york university , where he also honed his skills as a playwright and graphic designer . he transferred to
is a japanese pianist . he was trained as a composer at tokyo national university of fine arts and music and earned his masters in piano performance at the
attended the cranbrook schools in bloomfield hills from kindergarten through 12th grade , graduating in 1979. she became a autodidactic musician at age 12 , quitting piano and starting guitar . she attended
) for her long poem , `` annunciation '' . she is a graduate of
, born 29 march 1971 , is the elected representative serving the 8th district of the georgia house of representatives in the united states . he is a graduate of the
( born on 2 april 1921 in fălticeni , romania ) is a romanian anti-communist writer . he graduated from the
( august 24 , 1923 -- january 30 , 1982 ) was the founding father of information technology in the soviet union ( and specifically in ukraine ) , and one of the founders of cybernetics . he was born in rostov-on-don , russian sfsr , in the family of a mining engineer . he graduated from
, where he read ppe ,
appointed 18 june 2004 mr jones has 30 years experience in educational administration and has held a number of senior administrative positions within the government and the private education sectors . his background covers both secondary and university education including being deputy director of the tertiary institutions service centre and the secondary education authority . mr jones has been involved in international education since 1987 and is recognized as one of the leaders in the successful establishment of the sector in australia . he is one of the co-founders of navitas and has been instrumental in the expansion and development of the navitas model into the various markets which it now operates . in april 2007 mr jones received an honorary doctor of education from
was born to film director kasthuri raja as venkatesh prabhu kasthuri raja ( ) . he finished higher education at
completed a ba degree at the
( born august 14 , 1971 ) is an actress and novelist . she is the daughter of actors don matheson and deanna lund . her parents met while performing together in the irwin allen science fiction series land of the giants ( 1968-1970 ) and married soon after the show was cancelled . michele has two siblings ( an older brother , randy , and sister , kim ) . she attended
earned a bachelor of music degree from
studied at
. during this time ,
( january 19 , 1799 -- march 25 , 1879 ) was an american educator and baptist minister . he attended
is an asian american filmmaker who is of vietnamese descent . he directed the film saigon love story which was nominated for the winds of asia-best new asian film award at the tokyo international film festival 2006. the film was an official selection at the shanghai international film festival 2006. in addition , saigon love story had a highly acclaimed , sold-out screening at vc filmfest 2006. ringo is a graduate of
accompanied charles howard , 1st earl of nottingham 's 1596 expedition against cadiz , and was on board the admiral 's ship ark at the taking of the city . he matriculated at
, along with former nba player sun yue , was a member of the chinese national team that played at the
is the son of a conductor and composer . he spent his early childhood in königsberg and saxony ; from 1945 to 1950 he lived in grainau near garmisch-partenkirchen and from 1950 in freiburg im breisgau . after gaining his abitur in 1959 he studied german , history and philosophy at the universities of freiburg and munich . in 1962 he continued his studies at the
( 18 september 1869 -- 21 april 1957 ) was a scottish embryologist and unionist member of parliament ( mp ) . he is best known for his studies of the embryology of lungfishes.born in hertfordshire to scottish parents , kerr was educated at the royal high school , edinburgh , and at the university of edinburgh , but interrupted his medical studies to join an argentinian expedition to study the natural history of the pilcomayo river . on his return , he studied natural sciences at
, for whom looker had previously played at the
( born in palisade , nebraska ) graduated from concordia seminary , st. louis , in 1956. he was ordained on 29 june 1958 in des moines , iowa , by his father , the rev . arthur e. bohlmann . he later received his ph.d. from
( ) ( born c 1570 ) was a law student at the
, born in washington dc , graduated from the
learned to play golf when he was six , but the game was also a fit with his competitive nature . he attended
( born 2 march 1952 ) is an american operatic soprano . henschel , who was born in wisconsin , studied at the
was an american author who graduated from the
( ) ( 1898 - 1975 ) was a chinese painter and cartoonist - he graduated from the famous
( born march 16 , 1934 ) is a member of the renowned singing group the jordanaires . ray walker has been the bass singer for the group since 1958. among the accolades the group has received during his tenure with the jordanaires is induction into the country music hall of fame , the nacmai ( north american country music association international ) hall of fame , the gospel music hall of fame , rockabilly hall of fame , vocal group hall of fame . he was , also , awarded the `` avalon award '' , the highest award given for contribution and accomplishment by his alma mater ' , david
is an american blogger and writer of fiction . irion is a graduate of the
. his father mehli mehta was a violinist and founding conductor of the bombay symphony orchestra . mehta is an alumnus of
graduated from boys high school in 1931. he attended the university of georgia ( uga ) at athens and obtained a bachelor of arts ( a.b . ) in 1935 , a masters ( m.a . ) in 1937 and a bachelor of laws ( ll.b . ) in 1941. during his education at uga , he attended the
, flutist georges barrère , bassoonist auguste mesnard , and clarinetist leon leroy from france , and trumpeter adolphe dubois from belgium . damrosch was fined by the musician 's union for not advertising for musicians from new york , but the emigrating musicians were allowed to stay . in addition to achieving the intended effect of improving the quality of the new york symphony orchestra , damrosch brought the united states five extremely fine musicians . tabuteau ( q.v . ) was particularly influential . he served as principal oboist of the philadelphia orchestra from 1915 to 1954 under leopold stokowski and , just as importantly , taught in philadelphia at the
. he studied at
is a judge on the new york supreme court for queens county . prior to sitting on the supreme court , judge rios served on the new york city civil court and the housing court . judge rios holds a b.s . degree from
( born 1976 ) is a technologist and artist who founded graffiti research lab with evan roth . james studied music composition at the
, and was the director of the center for sociopsychological research and education , boston state hospital and assistant clinical professor of psychology , department of psychiatry , tufts university school of medicine . he is the author of fury on earth : a biography of
was born in los angeles , ca on february 13 , 1968. bergquist grew up in palos verdes , ca where he attended
began studying koto in 1980 under masters in the united states and japan including mde . masazumi mizuno in san diego , mde . kayoko wakita in los angeles , and composer virtuoso shinichi yuize in tokyo . reiko has a master 's degree in music performance from
. she received her b.a . in english literature from
was born in concordia , in cloud county , kansas , the son of swedish immigrant parents . he was educated at
at which he was one of the most successful contemporary chinese artists . since then ,
, president of the
the elder . he graduated m.d . at the
attended government primary schools , and subsequently attended st. michael 's college for boys ( as high schools in belize are called ) , where he earned a high school diploma . following one year at the belize technical college , he emigrated with his family to los angeles , california . there he attended
( born 13 september 1949 ) is a norwegian civil servant . he was educated at the
at the royal academy of music and completed his phd at goldsmiths college ,
( born april 14 , 1967 , in wilmington , delaware ) is an american journalist and writer . bohner 's father was an english literature professor which led her to spend some of her early years living in europe . she attended the
learned to play several musical instruments , including the violin , the viola and the piano . along with his studies at the
was born in newport , rhode island . he began working for his father , john howard benson , at the age of fifteen at the john stevens shop . he studied sculpture at
( born october 24 , 1967 ) was an english cricketer . he was a right-handed batsman and a wicket-keeper . he was educated at
is a prominent historian of france . since 1992 , he has been employed at new york university as an associate professor of history and french studies in the department of history and institute of french studies . professor chapman was educated at the
is a british writer of guyanese descent . he was born in georgetown , guyana and came to britain in 1956 as a child . he graduated from the
was born in augusta , maine on may 8 , 1855 , the son of james g. blaine and harriet ( stanwood ) blaine . in 1876 , he graduated from
) . he was educated at the
has performed standup comedy at the comedy store in los angeles as well as the comedy cellar in new york city and many other comedy clubs . nelson has been featured on the website of funny or die nine times and has appeared in their exclusive sketches with matthew morrison , don cheadle , ray ramano , cedric the entertainer , george lopez , joe mantegna , chace crawford , rebecca mader , haley joel osment , cheech marin , oliver hudson , larenz tate and many more . nelson has studied improvisational comedy at
graduated from the
, which was a boys grammar school at the time . he joined the royal air force at the outbreak of world war ii and served for the duration of the war before returning to ipswich to establish a car showroom and workshops on felixstowe road . the business flourished and smith 's gregarious nature and commitment to customer care also served him well as chairman of ipswich chamber of trade and as a member of suffolk chamber of commerce . he drew wry amusement when strangers mistook him for the london motor dealer
trained at
, who fell at the battle of alexandria , and mary , 1st baroness abercromby , daughter of john menzies of fernton , perthshire . he was the younger brother of george abercromby , 2nd baron abercromby and sir john abercromby and the elder brother of alexander abercromby . he attended the
was born in st helens , merseyside , england on 30 november 1963. his parents died when he was young . raised in the village of rainhill , yates was inspired to pursue a career in filmmaking after watching steven spielberg 's 1975 movie jaws . before her death , yates ' mother bought him a super 8mm camera . he used this to shoot various films and videos in which his friends and family featured . one such video , the ghost ship , was shot on board the vessel where his uncle worked as a cook . he attended
( 1833 -- 1892 ) and his wife . his father was then a member of the new york state assembly , and several times in later years was elected speaker of the assembly . the junior husted attended private schools , the peekskill military academy , and cutler 's school , new york city . he was graduated from
attended nearby
( born june 25 , 1988 in new york city , new york ) is an american football fullback for the seattle seahawks of the national football league . he was signed by the seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2011. he played college football at the
mae finch on 27 april 1982 in santa barbara , california . sarah was the sister-in-law of stephen j. cannell and had previously been married to randy stonehill from 1975 -- 1980. they first met at the los angeles first congregational church 's cedar lake camp at big bear , california in 1969 , and later dated when she was still a high school student at the
( born february 23 , 1987 in mobile , alabama ) is a defensive tackle for the tennessee titans . he was drafted by the titans in the second round of the 2009 nfl draft . he played college football at auburn university . he played high school football at
and viorica mitrea and , after living in făgăraş and braşov , moved to bucharest , where he completed secondary studies at the city 's dr. petru groza high school . following army service in medgidia , he studied trasportation at the
received a master 's degree in music at the university of west virginia before moving to new york city . he then studied art and design at the art student 's league , the
attended king 's college london 1977 -- 1980 , graduating with an ll.b 1st class honours . she attended inns of court school of law 1980 -- 1981 and was called to the bar that year . from 1981 to 1982 she attended the
( born june 26 , 1965 ) is a scientist , technologist , computer programmer , and an important figure in the global human rights movement . according to the new york times magazine , he is `` one of the most admired figures in the field . '' he leads the human rights program at benetech , the silicon valley nonprofit tech company . he is best known for his work with truth and reconciliation commissions , and for being the lead-off expert witness in testimony at the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia against slobodan milosevic , the former president of serbia . he was also an expert witness for the prosecution at the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia in milutinović et al . ( it-05-87 ) . ball received his b.a . degree from columbia university , and his ph.d. from the
was the son of jurist joseph story and sarah waldo ( wetmore ) story . he graduated at
was born in yakima , washington , the fourth child of robert e. and myrtle b . ( loomis ) mcalpine . he attended school in yakima , but two years at maryknoll seminary in mt . view , california . he attended the
from 1995 -- 1999 and pomona college from 1999-2003 .
and ben peterson won gold medals . a third , chris taylor , won a bronze medal . nichols ' pupil dan gable went on to coach wrestling at the
( 1827-1886 ) , a well-known sydney physician who published five volumes of verse between 1857 and 1887 , and his wife mary , née tongue . his parents had travelled on the dover castle from england , arriving in melbourne on 25 july 1859 and then moved to sydney . the younger brereton was educated at
graduated 5th in a class of 23 from the
was born in sari , iran , at caspian sea and surrounded by lush jungles . faramarz graduated from
( born 4 january 1945 in albese con cassano ) is the former president of juventus football club . he has a business degree from
was a medical doctor from queensland , australia , and the first rhodes scholar from that state when he was awarded the scholarship in 1904 at brisbane grammar school . he attended
( 3 october 1903 -- 20 october 1979 ) was a dutch-born british artist . he was born in amsterdam , but came to london in 1912 , following the death of his father . during the 1920s , he studied at the
, and he discovered a new interest in politics and public administration . he became a campus activist and worked for the democratic party , organizing several demonstrations against south african apartheid policies . he graduated with a b.s . public administration from the ypsilanti campus and began to seek employment in detroit 's city hall . he also became a member of alpha phi alpha fraternity . mathis met his eventual wife ,
attended the
. his parents moved to london in 1922. he was educated at
( born september 9 , 1966 , in del rio , texas ) is a retired american professional basketball player who was selected by the detroit pistons in the first round ( 26th overall ) of the 1990 nba draft . a guard , blanks played for the pistons and minnesota timberwolves in 3 nba seasons , averaging 2.0 ppg . he played collegiately at the
usually went by her middle name of elizabeth . she was educated at home , at
grew up in arlington , minnesota and attended augsburg college . she graduated in 1988 with a degree in english and then joined the peace corps . she served in the philippines and then returned to the united states to study for her mfa in creative writing at bowling green state university in ohio , where she graduated in 1993. she earned her phd from
( born may 4 , 1967 in new rochelle , new york ) is an american journalist . he attended
, and a sister ; actress and musician cassidy freeman . all three siblings attended the
, who was visiting the university to give lectures in cryptography . lai served as interpreter for these lectures . he later became one of massey 's doctoral students at
( 1593 -- 1662 ) was a renowned english rosicrucian philosopher , alchemist , and astrologer . he was born on 17 january 1593 at swallowfield park , some 5 miles south of reading in the county of berkshire , a younger son of samuel backhouse . he entered
was born on april 9 , 1970. he received a bachelor of science in criminal justice and political science from the
attended
was educated at the
was educated at
was his elder brother . he was educated at
, q.c. , obtained his ll.b . at the
in recognition of his talents . most recently , he won the city pages readers ' poll for `` best am radio personality '' in the 2004 best of the twin cities awards . the fall , a punk rock group from manchester , is his all-time favorite musical group . he 's also a fan of manchester united football club . he attended the
and chris fedak wrote the script for the first episode which was initially given a put pilot commitment by nbc before a pilot order was green lit by the network in january 2007. schwartz and fedak both attended the
and chris fedak . nbc initially gave the series a put pilot commitment before green lighting a pilot order in january 2007. schwartz and fedak both attended the
( 1905 -- 1969 ) was an american sculptor , and painter who studied at the educational alliance art school . she graduated from
is a canadian journalist . he was born in 1957 and grew up in san jose , california , where his father worked for lockheed as a satellite test engineer . he attended
( urdu : شہریار راشد ) ( 1948 -- 1998 ) was a pakistani english language poet . he was the son of the 'father of modern urdu poetry , ' noon meem rashid . rashed attended
is an associate professor of anthropology at columbia university . she received a ph.d. in anthropology from cornell university , an m.a . in history from the university of hawaii , and a b.a . in asian studies from the university of oklahoma . prior to teaching at columbia , ivy taught at the
, where he earned his bachelor 's degree in economics in 1938. during his college years , manning appeared in students musicals and plays , as well as on wlw radio . he changed his professional name to
) he enrolled at the
grew up in northbrook where she attended
( july 11 , 1807 , regensburg -- march 10 , 1850 , erlangen ) was a german physician and medical author . he was one of the pioneers of the modern school of medicine in germany , and numbered professor rudolf virchow among his pupils . canstatt studied at the
played a concert titled `` change rocks '' at indiana university to encourage students to register to vote . the tickets were distributed by the obama campaign . questions regarding his citizenship were answered by advertisements and videos on youtube , where he says he is a `` real american '' and a `` real virginian , '' stating that `` real virginians get out and vote . '' even though he was recently bereaved by the loss of band co-founder and saxophonist , leroi moore on august 19 , 2008 , he and tim reynolds played for dnc delegates on sunday , august 24 at red rocks , and again with reynolds at the
is a video game developer and possibly best known as a co-founder of blizzard north ( back then under the name condor ) , the highly successful video game company behind titles such as the diablo series . he was educated at
was born on 24th october 1935 in calcutta ; his father was a british businessman who was a partner in one of the leading managing agencies of the british raj . he spent the first decade of his childhood in india , although without being allowed to socialise with indian people , before going to england for schooling . he was educated at
was born in rochester , new york on december 24 , 1919. he was educated at the
is a contemporary dancer from miami , fl . he began dancing ballet at age 10. brandon is a graduate of
was the drummer and percussionist for the alan davis band . the band was active from 2001 through 2003. he was also a busy session player at
( april 2 , 1874 -- september 21 , 1960 ) was an american astronomer and physicist . he was born in san francisco , california and died in altadena , california . in 1901 he received his doctorate from the
was educated at
( 1978 ) .
is a former defensive back in the national football league . he played at the
received a master 's degree in theology at
is a computer scientist best known for his work on directed diffusion under the supervision of deborah estrin , ramesh govindan , and john heidemann . he earned his bachelor 's degree in computer engineering from
is a conductor born in hull . he graduated from the
was born in stanberry , missouri , the youngest of fourteen children . he attended in elementary school in stanberry , and attended maryville high school in maryville , missouri , graduating in 1946. following graduation from high school , he attended phillips university in enid , oklahoma , earning a bachelor 's degree in history in 1950. three years later , in 1953 , he earned a bachelor 's degree in divinity from
( 2005 ) , university of massachusetts boston ( 2006 ) , northwestern university ( 2006 ) , xavier university of louisiana ( 2006 ) , southern new hampshire university ( 2007 ) , howard university ( 2007 ) , and wesleyan university ( 2008 ) . the audiobook edition of dreams from my father earned obama the grammy award for best spoken word album in 2006. he won the award a second time in 2008 for the spoken word edition of the audacity of hope . a school in obama 's father 's hometown , which the senator visited on his 2006 kenya trip , was renamed the senator
graduated from the lithuanian academy of music and theatre in 1965 , and completed his post-graduate studies at the
. the marecics moved to tigard , oregon when owen was a sophomore in high school where he enrolled at
, ( november 23 , 1880 - november 20 , 1964 ) , an archeologist and founder of the amerind foundation was born in waterbury , connecticut . he received a bachelor of arts degree from
, 1st marquess of bath . he gained the courtesy title viscount st asaph when his father succeeded in the earldom in 1812. he was educated at
, by his wife alicia , daughter of sir edward newenham . his grandfather was walter shirley . at the age of nine shirley was placed under the care of the rev . legh richmond ; but was soon moved to a school at linton in essex . he became a scholar of winchester college in 1809 , and six years later was elected to a scholarship at
. wexo wrote , produced , directed and starred in his own series of short films . `` the wexo-one act 's '' is the first in a series of film 's
studied medicine at the
( b. july 17 , 1918 , larchmont , ny , d. october 30 , 1998 , in manchester , vt ) was a federal judge for the united states district court for the southern district of new york . judge gagliardi received an a.b . from
was born in winchester , virginia ca . 1956. he was educated at the
( cooper city , florida ) , and was a student and letterman in football and soccer .
is a british author , best known for writing the novel popular . born in belfast , northern ireland , he attended down high grammar school from the age of eleven to eighteen . he later studied modern history at the
( 1927-2008 ) was a physical organic chemist whose research examined the interactions of electron donors and acceptors . he received his b. s. at the
, a cornell faculty member who was an authority on the federalist . after graduating from cornell in 1950 , he served in the united states air force during the korean war . in 1956 , he earned a ph.d. in politics at
and his wife alice grenfell . he was educated at
( born september 2 , 1922 , in hastings , nebraska ) earned a b.a . from
is a lifetime omaha resident . he is a graduate of
is an expert on the highly secretive national security agency . his recent book , the shadow factory : the ultra-secret nsa from 9/11 to the eavesdropping on america , on which nova 's `` the spy factory '' was based became a new york times best-seller and was named by the washington post as one of `` the best books of 2008 . '' it is third in a trilogy by bamford on the nsa , following the puzzle palace ( 1982 ) and body of secrets ( 2002 ) , also a new york times bestseller . bamford has also taught at the university of california , berkeley as a distinguished visiting professor and has written for the new york times magazine , the atlantic , harpers , and many other publications . in 2006 , he won the national magazine award for reporting for his piece `` the man who sold the war , '' published in rolling stone . a native of massachusetts , bamford served as an intelligence analyst for the u.s. navy during the vietnam war , and he later used the gi bill to earn his law degree from
where he was all city , all state , all region and all american as well as runner-up for mr. football ohio in 1992. parry lives and works in cincinnati , ohio . beau parry is a licensed
, a graduate of the
was born in lake city , florida in 1944 , and he attended
( born don luther lee on february 23 , 1942 in little rock , arkansas , united states ) is a renowned african-american author , educator , and poet . he received a master of fine arts degree from the
and connie mack iii . he is a graduate of the
, a newly arrived undergraduate at
( 1932 ) is an american scholar and author who is active both in philosophy and music . arnold berleant was born in buffalo , new york . he received his advanced musical education at the
( september 21 , 1905 in yarmouth , nova scotia , canada -- may 9 , 1991 ) was a canadian politician . he attended bishop 's college school and
is an american jazz trumpeter residing in atlanta , georgia . he is the brother of noted jazz trombonist , harry watters . ken is a member of several noted performing groups , including tabou combo , http : //taboucombo.com , natalie cole band , http : //nataliecole.com , the magic city jazz orchestra , ray reach and friends and the w. c. handy jazz all-stars . he attended the
was born in ballingeary , ireland , to cornelius and margaret ( née cronin ) manning . originally attending mungret college in limerick , he followed a call for priests in the united states and entered st. patrick seminary in menlo park , california , in 1928. manning was ordained on june 16 , 1934 , and then furthered his studies at the
was born jean marie joseph menu de menil in paris , france . he was the son of baron georges auguste and marie- madeleine rougier menu de menil . he was born into a catholic military family with a title bestowed by napoleon . in the 1920s , he earned a degree in political science from
, phd is j. herbert taylor distinguished professor of molecular biology in the department of biological sciences at florida state university . dr. gilbert 's work focuses on the mechanisms regulating dna replication during the cell cycle and the relationship between replication timing and structural and functional organization of chromosomes , most recently during differentiation in human and mouse embryonic stem cells . dr. gilbert received his ba degrees in biochemistry/cell biology and philosophy from the university of california at san diego and his phd in genetics from
, qc , ( ? - septemnber 10 , 2011 ) was an anguillan-born jurist and legal scholar whose career spanned more than forty years . in 1985 , she became the first woman from the eastern caribbean to be appointed queen 's counsel . lake was also the first graduate of the
was the younger son of lt gen sir edmond elles . he was educated at
is the ceo of spice digital ( previously cellebrum technologies limited ) . he is an alumnus of the
was educated at
attended
at the london college of printing and then saint martins school of art from 1969 to 1972 where he studied painting under frederick gore and received his ba . in 1992 , he moved to new york and attended the
was born in mahilyow , russian empire ( now belarus ) . he studied at the novorossiysk university in odessa , but was expelled in 1899 due to political activities , and continued his studies at the
( 13 march 1912 -- 12 january 2002 ) , born violet georgiana pakenham , third daughter of thomas pakenham , 5th earl of longford and lady mary julia child villiers ( daughter of victor child-villiers , 7th earl of jersey ) , was a writer and critic . she was educated at
( born october 31 , 1979 in chattanooga , tennessee ) is an american football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent . he was drafted by the kansas city chiefs in the seventh round of the 2001 nfl draft . he played college football at the
, a player and later tennis coach at
attended the school of decorative and figural art at the
, berkshire and trained in theatre design at central saint martins college of art and design in london from 1986 to 1989. he has designed for theatre de complicite , the royal shakespeare company , the royal national theatre , the west end , and broadway . he has done the costumes and/or scenic design for seven broadway productions , both musicals and dramas , starting with stanley in 1997 through shrek the musical in 2008. for shrek he also designed the puppets . the variety seattle review noted : `` set and costume designer
was educated at harrow and king 's college , cambridge , where he became a fellow from 1912 to 1926. he graduated in medicine from
and a b.a . from holy cross .
was born in nalomolomo on nairai island in 1959. his father died in the kadavulevu ship disaster when he was 4. http : //www.teivovo.com/news/200312/22_balu_khan.html . he graduated with a masters degree in commerce from the
was born in london , england in 1972. he spent the first seven years of his life in london before moving to kilkenny in ireland . while in london comerford never saw a game of hurling and his first introduction to the game was when his father made a make-shift hurley for him out of a floorboard . in kilkenny comerford played hurling with his brothers jimmy and martin on the local o'loughlin gaels club . he was educated at st. kieran 's college , a famed hurling nursery . his hurling skills quickly earned him a place on the senior team and he won back-to-back all-ireland colleges titles in 1989 and 1990. comerford later attended
in 1980 and began his career as producer of pm magazine in providence , rhode island at wjar-tv . valerio has since worked as a writer/ director/ producer & creative executive at companies including nbc , cbs , abc , warner bros , fox , disney , telepictures , and abc family .
was born in żychlin . in 1951 he graduated at the
is an assistant professor of history at james madison university in harrisonburg , virginia . dr. hanifi received the degree of bachelor of arts from the university of wisconsin -- madison . he subsequently attended the
iii and his third wife ada r. clark . smith graduated from the
and his first wife isabella clark macdonald ( ( 1811 -- 1857 ) . after isabella died leaving macdonald a widower with a seven-year-old son , hugh john macdonald would be principally raised by his paternal aunt and her husband . in 1869 he received a bachelor of arts degree from the
is a visual artist born in mexico city , and based in the u.s. since 1994. he produces works of conceptual art , institutional critique , social practice , and site-specific art , as well as paintings , photographs , prints , and works in traditional media . he has been regularly involved with the new york art and politics collective 16 beaver group since 2000. he studied art at the
to continue his studies at the
( november 10 , 1822 -- may 4 , 1898 ) was an american diplomatist born in charleston , south carolina , on the november 10 , 1822. he graduated at
was raised in gladwyne , pennsylvania , a suburb of philadelphia , the son of dr. john j. dowling , who in the late 1980s was chief of orthopedic surgery at the lankenau hospital in overbrook , pennsylvania , and a professor of orthopedic surgery at thomas jefferson university ; and lynn dowling . he attended
( अनुराग माथुर ) is an indian author and journalist mainly known for his 1991 novel the inscrutable americans . he did his schooling from the scindia school , ( gwalior , india ) . he received his bachelors degree from
was born in the village of bala şürük and raised in lankaran , where she graduated from school . she later obtained a degree in philology from
is a former news anchor at wfts-tv . he joined their news team as a morning and noon anchor in 1997. before joining wfts , he worked at wowk-tv , wvva-tv and whiz-tv . he graduated from the
( born june 4 , 1976 ) is an american actor who portrayed damon henderson , the green lost galaxy ranger , in . he attended
( 1768 -- 1803 ) was a russian painter . the son of a carpenter , he was active primarily as a history painter , although at least one portrait by him is known . he studied at the
, born 1938 , is a swedish-american mathematician . he is well known for his leading role in and fundamental contributions to domain decomposition methods . he received his ph.d. at
. he finished elementary school in rab , attended gymnasium in split , then graduated in sušak . during world war ii he joined the yugoslav partisans , and he later described those days ironically in his autobiographical essays digresije and protimbe ( 2003 ) . he then attended the
( 5 december 1914 -- 26 august 2000 ) was a french actress , playwright and novelist . she was born in paris , where she studied dance at the
the younger was the son of the poet john donne , born about may 1604. he was educated at
was born in seibo , as the eldest of the three children of octavio beras zorrilla and teresa rojas santana . he received his first communion from archbishop adolfo alejandro nouel , and studied at the seminary of st. thomas aquinas , in santo domingo from 1923 to 1926. he was then sent to rome , where he studied at the
, which was one of the first role-playing video games for a personal computer . he was also involved with the production of the game q-bert and several of the later wizardry games in the 1980s . he is a graduate of
is a professor in history . her research interests include early modern history of the ottoman empire , gender , law , and society . she received her b.a . in history from
is an american mime artist and actor based in new york city . as an actor , mime and educator , bill has performed throughout the united states , canada , and europe . he is an adjunct instructor instructor at the
was born in michigan , u.s. and grew up in baltimore . he attended syracuse university and the state university of new york 's college of forestry , earning a degree in forest biology . shelley continued his education at the
( april 11 , 1910 -- november 10 , 1997 ) was an influential member of the navajo nation as member of the navajo nation council . as a member and three term head of the council 's health and welfare committee , she worked to improve the health and education of the navajo . she was awarded the presidential medal of freedom in 1963 by lyndon b. johnson as well as the indian council fire achievement award and the navajo medal of honor . she also received an honorary doctorate in humanities from the
( 26 july 1939 - 16 april 1998 ) was a sculptor , musician , and teacher . born in dallas , texas in 1939 , graves was graduated from
made contributions to the study of coleoptera , orthoptera , hemiptera , and the freshwater molluscs of indiana . though born in connecticut , his parents moved to indiana in 1860 , the year after his birth . he attended high school in bainbridge and enrolled at
moved from tokyo , japan to rome in italy in the seventies . there he attended venanzo crocetti 's lectures at the
studied astrology at the
was born on july 1 , 1953. he went to prestigious mayo college ajmer for his schooling and passed out in the year 1970. justice rathore graduated from
graduated from
is an award-winning san francisco-based consultant , writer and graphic artist from new york city . ehrlich attended
was born in yangzhou , jiangsu , in 1959. after finishing high school in yangzhou , wang hui worked for two years as a factory worker before entering college . he completed his undergraduate studies at
is a sarlo distinguished professor of philosophy and religion at dominican university in san rafael , california . he received a bachelors degree in english at
kovsky ; aka edgar c.b . pash ) was born on june 14 , 1921. upon returning to the united states with his family , he attended
attended
. he attended the
attended the expensive private school
) at san jose state university during the spring 2008 semester . she taught creative writing at the
, younger son of the 2nd baron palmer and lorna eveline hope née bailie . he was educated at eton college , berkshire , and at the
( september 19 , 1921 - may 18 , 2003 ) was an american impressionist painter who was born in grand ledge , michigan . she was training to become a concert pianist , but at age 17 , decided to pursue\ painting instead . she studied painting at the
studied painting at
is an award winning artist . he is one of the youngest ever to win the lalit kala akademi award . recently he completed a solo exhibition at the
is a native of new york city ( of puerto rican parents ) and is considered to be one of the best nuevo flamenco guitarists in the united states . val has toured the united states and spain with his ensemble which includes his brother jose ramon ramos . at the early age of 14 , he studied flamenco guitar with spanish ( malaga ) flamenco master adonis puerta in new york city . in 1981 , he graduated from ezra stiles college at
, in 1934. after receiving his doctoral degree , he went to england to study at the
received his bs in statistics at
received his bachelor of arts degree from
was born in sturgis , michigan , in 1897. he interrupted his education to enlist in the army signal corps ( now the u.s. air force ) , 1918 , but in a few months was released from service and returned to university . kelley graduated from
was educated at repton and at christ 's college , cambridge , taking a first-class degree in natural sciences in 1893. he studied medicine at
( born april 23 , 1985 ) is an american college basketball player . he played at the university of illinois . for much of his early life and that of his brother 's his mother was in prison . in an interview at a champaign , illinois middle school , he said that he got through these hard times with help from his neighbors . carter graduated from
was the son of edward constant robinson ( originally from oregon ) and sarah t. merritt ( daughter of james bestor merritt ) . he was born and raised in oakland , ca at 552 montclair street . he attended the
( april 25 , 1879 -- december 28 , 1964 ) was an american mathematician and polymath . he was the sole protégé of yale 's physicist josiah willard gibbs and was mentor to mit economist paul samuelson . he received his ab from
was born in bridgeport connecticut . he studied writing at
( born may 24 , 1964 ) , is an american actress . johnson grew up in park slope , brooklyn , new york city . she graduated from
, ph.d. , is department chair of microbiology at ohio state university . where he is rod sharp professor of microbiology . he is well known as the discoverer of archaea histones , small dna-binding proteins which are the precursors of histones in eukaryotes . he received a bachelor 's degree from the
. his father sent him to board at harrow school in london . he went on to study painting in london at the
( ) ( born 1951 ) is an author and architect living in the west bank city of ramallah . she studied architecture at the
( born on july 16 , 1964 ) is a software engineer , entrepreneur and an author in the field of software testing . black graduated from the
( born june 23 , 1965 boston ) is an environmental fine art landscape photographer . he is the son of the american photographer paul caponigro and eleanor caponigro a graphic designer . john paul attended
was born in britain and attended the independent westminster school . he was educated at
was born into a family of noted performers and musicians . he is the son of jazz guitarist charles p. pecoraro , the nephew of actor/dancer/choreographer steven peck , nephew of opera singer anna pecoraro , and grandson of classical sicilian mandolinist/vaudevillian george pecora . pecoraro grew up in fullerton , ca where he attended
was the principal of this school . hansteen took the examen artium in 1802 , and in 1803 he enrolled at the
. frost first became acquainted with austin in 1951 at the university of florida when the former was a student and the latter was a teacher . a few years later , frost was a first lieutenant at fort sill , oklahoma when austin attended
received his bachelor 's degree in speech and english from lamar state college of technology ( now lamar university ) in 1964. for two years hall taught high school in the silsbee independent school district , a rural district 22 miles from beaumont on the edge of the area known as the big thicket . he resigned his teaching position in 1965 in order to pursue graduate studies . before his student deferment took effect , however , hall was drafted . after serving in the vietnam war , he enrolled at the
spent both grade school and high school in his father and grandfather 's alma mater , ateneo de manila university . after graduating from high school , he enrolled at the university of the philippines as an architecture student and stayed there for three years . he transferred to the
, was offered professorships at far eastern university and the
was born into a well-known punjabi khatri business family . he graduated magna cum laude from
attended
( june 22 , 1919 -- december 26 , 2003 ) was an american basketball player and coach . mcneely graduated from
( born april 18 , 1973 in tønsberg ) is a norwegian author . she attended
( born 21 september 1977 ) is an australian rules footballer of albanian descent . he was educated at
still ( 1854 -- 1914 ) graduated from
is professor of oncology at the
( b. east orange , nj , 1937 - d. toronto , on , october 23 , 2005 ) was a professor of philosophy at the university of toronto . he earned a doctorate at
was raised until the age of ten in the colma area of daily city just south of san francisco . he is part of a large extended italian-american family , some of which reach back four generations in california . martini 's mother and father moved to los angeles county , california in 1956. his father , ernest martini , was a rancher , managing and owning farms throughout california during his lifetime . his mother , rita , was a housewife and homemaker , though in later years she worked extensively in the local library in san gabriel , california . martini graduated from san gabriel mission grammar school , san gabriel high school and pasadena city college before transferring to the
received an honorary doctorate from
, born in powdersville , south carolina , united states , graduated from
, a graduate of
( born february 13 , 1988 ) is a french ice hockey goaltender who played for france at the
, founder of zipcar . russell displayed an interest in politics at an early age , and friends who had worked on the clinton presidential election campaign arranged a meeting on june 5 , 1998 ( when she was 10 ) with bill clinton after he delivered a speech at the massachusetts institute of technology . his advice to her was to stay in school , get to know as many different types of people as she could , and to understand their dreams and aspirations . she graduated from the
is an argentine-born american entrepreneur and journalist , pioneer of the development of online services in latin america . he graduated from the
taught at the
was born in baghdad . he attended primary , secondary and high school in iraq . he attended the suffolk university college in uk to obtain
, scd , frs ( 7 september 1920 , earl 's court , london -- 21 september 2008 , cambridge ) , was a british physicist . he was cavendish professor of physics from 1971 until 1984 and an honorary fellow of clare hall , university of cambridge , of which he was the first president . he was educated at
was the first of two children born to dr. and mrs. joseph morrison , a socially prominent east coast couple . during his freshman year in high school , he rebelled against his parents , until he became a christian . he later attended
was born in sydney , australia . she studied composition at the
is an emeritus professor at williams college in the department of chemistry . his most used text is titled chemistry and is currently in its tenth edition of publication . he has also published a few children 's books . he received his b.sc . from the university of london and ph.d. from yale university . dr. chang was born and raised in hong kong . he completed his postdoctoral research at
was born in stockton , california . he was educated at the
was born to engineering professor ricardo rey polis and elsa rey elmore . he started his education at the jesuit college of maristas san isidro . from 1971 to 1979 rey studied industrial engineering at the
( often credited as philip ; born april 6 , 1941 ) is a comedian and writer . he was born in denver , colorado and later grew up in fresno , california , attending fresno high school . he attended
, was a pioneer of biochemical engineering , particularly metabolic engineering . he was said to be `` the most influential biochemical engineer of modern times '' . in a special issue of a journal dedicated to his work , the editor said `` jay was one of biochemical engineering 's most creative thinkers and spirited advocates , a true innovator who played an enormous role in establishing biochemical engineering as the dynamic discipline it is today '' . he studied chemical engineering at
( born in camden , south carolina in 1949 ) is the author of , in which he chronicles the first thirty years of his life and his views on united states politics from the perspective of the descendants of slavery . he moved to mount vernon , new york in 1958. he graduated from mount vernon high school , then continued on to
in the forever knight series . she graduated from
was born and raised in portland , and attended the
to study acting . panabaker next starred in the jennifer tilly film renaissance girl , as well as the films the crazies and the ward . on october 23 , 2011 ,
started playing saxophone and classical guitar at 10 years old . by 13 years old he was playing bass guitar in a rock band called inferno . later in high school he also played guitar and sang in a band called the neo plastics . in 1983 diamond graduated from trenton high school , in trenton , mi . in 1988 he went on to get a telecommunications degree ( with a minor in music ) from
( born 19 march 1931 ) is an american pianist and composer . she studied at
was born in karachi , pakistan , and received his early training in english literature and linguistics from karachi university . ahmar earned his phd at
is an australian journalist and author . she was born in 1954http : //trove.nla.gov.au/people/602674 ? c=people and grew up in brisbane , queensland where she attended the
is also an instructor at
, his alma mater , is named
is a member of the mountain bike hall of fame . he was famous for his domination of long distance mountain bike races . he entered his first long distance road bike race in 1985. the non-stop race was across missouri from st. louis to kansas city and back . in 1991 he switched from road events to ultra-marathon mountain bike events when he entered the
was born in the uk and studied music and religious studies at the
papers of san francisco maritime national historical park historic documents department : hal roth was born in cleveland , ohio , in 1927. he was an aviator during world war ii and the korean war . during the course of his lifetime , roth was also an author , sailor , mountaineer , and photographer . he graduated from the
( september 12 , 1916 -- october 7 , 2011 ) was a rotary district governor for puerto rico and a retired major general in the puerto rico national guard . he earned his bachelor in political science from the
, cbe , founder of what is now spirent plc . he was educated at
( born september 14 , 1984 ) is an american steel pannist and composer . he has recorded and produced three albums , the most recent being character farm and other short stories , released in april 2011. since 2007 , scales has recorded and performed with roy `` future man '' wooten , jeff coffin , jeff sipe , casey driessen , and yonrico scott . his albums have been reviewed by modern drummer and jazz times . scales graduated from
to be of scottish extraction ; his name at birth was serrurier , his family was walloon . he studied at
was born in 1949. he received a bachelor of arts from
( , born 1956 ) is a former general in the israel defense forces and former head of the israeli human resources directorate . born in tel aviv , stern attended bar ilan university , where he received a b.a . in economics and land of israel studies . he also received a master 's degree in business administration from
went to lord elgin high school ( now robert bateman high school ) in burlington , ontario where he crew up . he attended niagara college from 1992 to 1995 , graduating in their film and television program . in 1998 tipping enrolled at
graduated from
is the grandson of jewish emigrants from europe . kosky attended melbourne grammar school where he performed in brecht 's play the resistible rise of arturo ui in 1981 and later directed his first play . among many other later famous australian artists , he also worked at the st martins youth arts centre . in 1985 , he then began studies in piano and music history at the
( born december 10th , 1934 ) is an austrian music ethnologist from vienna . kubik studied ethnology , musicology and african languages at the
graduated from
( born petersburg , virginia ; date of death unknown ) was an american lawyer , politician , and judge who most notably served on virginia 's supreme court of appeals from 1883 until 1894. hinton studied law at the
( 1938 , jackson , mississippi -- october 20 , 2004 , jacksonville , florida ) was an african-american operatic tenor . he earned a bachelor of music degree from jackson state university in 1960 and a masters of music degree from the jacobs school of music at indiana university in 1962. he later earned a doctorate of music from the
( born february 28 , 1948 ) is a former american football and lacrosse coach . he was the first head football coach for the
received an honorary doctor of laws from
in 1630. he then began his studies at the
was the eldest son of william williams who was liberal member of parliament for the swansea district from 1893-1895. he was educated at
went to school in saxony , where after high school he studied to become a teacher and was certified for doing so on all levels , becoming very early the principal of the oberschule in falkenstein . because of political conflicts with the sed regime ( such as the toleration of students who were members of a church ) , he and his wife fled east germany in 1955 , and settled in marburg , west germany . here , drechsler studied again , at the
, a
( born 1981 ) is an american realist painter based in bethesda , maryland . he attended the maryland institute college of art in baltimore , maryland , earning a bachelor of fine arts degree in 2003. he then attended the
was born in minneapolis , minnesota but spent most of his early childhood and teen years in northern california , and he graduated from high school in seoul , south korea . sensing god 's call to ministry , pastor paul chappell enrolled at the pacific coast baptist bible college and graduated with a bachelor of arts degree in pastoral theology in 1983. while attending college , he founded and pastored the seaside baptist church near indio , california . he received a master of arts degree from the
is the ceo of animax entertainment , an emmy award winning creative studio that produces character driven content for all screens . he earned his bs in engineering from the university of michigan and his mba from
was born on november , 30 , 1826 , in pomonkey , in charles county , maryland . he received his legal education at
( born 1961 ) is a ugandan editor , poet and novelist . his novels include fate of the banished ( 1997 ) , the unfulfilled dream ( 2002 ) , and footprints of the outsider . ocwinyo was born in teboke village in apac district . he studied at aboke junior seminary and lango college , before joining the institute of teacher education at kyambogo , where he earned a diploma in education . he later studied at
studied composition with donal michalsky at the
was born on 25 july 1896 in london , england . the early years of his life were spent in australia and new zealand due to his father gaining employment in insurance , but the gale family returned to england in 1906. he was educated at
graduated from the university of london and has an mba from cranfield university , uk . he also studied at
was born in dalian , manchuria on october 16 , 1937. he studied economics at
, american businessman , philanthropist , and the founder of bloomberg l.p. , who is currently serving as the mayor of new york city . mayor bloomberg attended
( 14 december 1833-01 feb 1912 ) was the son of captain john and margaret/dalrymple/mciver . he married mary anne kelly on december 2 , 1862. he was a graduate of
attended uc santa cruz from 2000 -- 2004 , where he was a student at
and first lady betty ford . ford graduated from
in los angeles , where he studied psychology , screenwriting , and film criticism . his classmates with whom he attended film screenings at usc at the time included future director bryan singer and editors david bertman and john axelrad . among the directors who brought their films to usc at the time were an unknown oliver stone ( who brought an unreleased platoon to the campus ) , clint eastwood ( heartbreak ridge ) , ridley scott ( someone to watch over me ) , and recent usc graduate
, a shreveport native and a graduate of
, the elder ( c. 1548 , watford , hertfordshire - 1611 ) was an english poet and diplomat , member of the english parliament . giles fletcher was the son of richard fletcher , vicar of bishop 's stortford . he spent his early life at cranbrook before entering eton college about 1561. from there , fletcher continued his education at
was born in tecumseh , michigan . he received his b.a . from the
arts graduate
was born on june 5 , 1952 and educated in delhi university and jawaharlal nehru university . after lecturing on modern indian history for two years at st. stephen 's college , delhi university , he entered the
immigrated to san francisco , california with his family at the age of 12 , and was naturalized as a u.s. citizen at the age of 18. he was selected to san francisco 's premiere public college preparatory lowell high school where he graduated in the top 1 % of his class with scroll honorary distinction and achieved the highest scores for the advanced placement examinations in biology , chemistry , physics , and calculus . he attended
was born in latrobe , pennsylvania . he earned his b.s . in photographic science from
earned a degree in psychology from
( see dixon hoste disambiguation page ) . he was educated at
joined the u.s. army , leaving two years later to study at
, a state school in highgate wood in north london and university college school , an independent school for boys in hampstead ( also in north london ) , followed by the london school of economics ( lse ) , where he studied law . during his time at university , jules started hosting small parties where he was the dj . unsurprisingly due to his field of study , the stage name of ``
( born may 21 , 1960 ) is a former member of the massachusetts house of representatives . he is a south boston democrat who represented the 4th suffolk district from 1991 to 1995. he is an attorney who graduated from
was born on april 8 , 1811 in east greenwich , rhode island . he entered
is an american actor . born in minneapolis , minnesota , he was raised in apple valley , minnesota where he attended
, berkshire . he succeeded to the title of 3rd baron st john of battersea on 19 june 1748. he succeeded to the title of 3rd
, sandringham . queen mary was also in attendance . upon his return to bushmills , the people of the town and district turned out in force to welcome him home , including the macnaghten household . lady macnaghten presented him with a gold watch in recognition of his bravery in attempting to find and rescue her son , lieutenant harry macnaghten . robert reached the rank of sergeant before retiring from the army in 1926 ( after he was badly injured in an accident ) . later , in 1953 , two years before he died , he met the newly crowned queen elizabeth ii .
( born september 22 , 1976 ) is the lead guitarist for indie rock band rilo kiley and the lead singer/lead guitarist for his alt-rock side project the elected . he was born as blake sennett swendson in san diego , california . he attended
, the son of thomas hopkins gallaudet . both his father and grandfather were famous educators in the field of deaf education . he received his b.a . from
is an american film director , stop-motion animator , and iraq war veteran from waldoboro , maine . he served in the u.s. army for five years and spent one year at camp taji , iraq with an air cavalry unit . after being honorably discharged from the army in 2005 , dyer attended the
kang , sbs , jp ( ; born 7 may 1943 in shanghai ) is a hong kong entrepreneur in the garment industry . he is currently the ceo of toppy company ( hong kong ) limited , a garment company in kwai chung , hong kong . he attended
studied musicology at
. born in stann creek , british honduras , faget attended community college in san francisco , california , and he received a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from
was a leading and well known nineteenth century american railroad engineer , civil engineer , and railroad maintenance of way manager for a number of railroads in the northeastern united states , including the cleveland , cincinnati , chicago and st. louis railway , eastern railroad of massachusetts , and the boston & maine . he was a graduate of the
' in his writings . his work 'kalapi no kekarov ' in gujarati is available today which contains most of his poetry . he was educated at
service -- queen alexandra twice was present . most royal maundy ceremonies in the first part of the century were attended by princess helena or by her daughter princess marie louise . in 1931 , marie louise was present at royal maundy and suggested , after the service , that her cousin king george v make the distributions the following year . king george did so in 1932 , the only time he was at the service during his reign . in 1936 , the year of king george 's death , the new king , edward viii made the distribution . george vi ( who succeeded king edward on his abdication late in 1936 ) did not attend until 1940 , and then not again until 1944 , his place being taken in most years by the lord high almoner , cosmo gordon lang , archbishop of canterbury . queen
was born on march 29 , 1979. he grew up in queen city , south dallas , where he attended
is the second son of major general syed mahdi hasnain , pvsm . he completed his school education at
( 1801 -- 22 ) , the first student at the then german-language
( 26 june 1961 - 25 march 2010 ) was a british author and journalist . she studied history and history of art at
assumed command of the indian army , as the 22nd chief of army staff , on 31 january 2005 commanding an army of over a million soldiers . he is an alumnus of the
. he studied at
graduated from
( born november 25 , 1923 ) is an american philosopher of science and of education . he holds b.a . and m.a . degrees in psychology from brooklyn college , an m.h.l . and a d.h.l. ( hon . ) from the jewish theological seminary of america . he defended his doctoral thesis , `` on quotation '' , at the
, and a cousin of king norodom sihanouk . he studied law at the
fled cuba with her siblings at age 16 following the takeover by fidel castro . living at first with an aunt until her parents emigrated , she graduated from
, son of l. james arthur and elizabeth gleason arthur , grew up in denver , colorado . arthur earned his bachelor 's degree in philosophy and history at
in reading , berkshire , and at st john 's college at the university of cambridge where he was president of the cambridge union and the cambridge university liberal club . he was the son of solicitor and liberal party mp
is married to horst rosenkranz , and has 10 children , 6 girls and 4 boys . she studied history and philosophy at the
, was the president of trinity college . he attended
in london , from which he graduated in july 2001. he became robert cameron on graduation from drama school before re establishing his birth name in his professional name , becoming
is an american television producer and writer , born february 3 , 1959 in boston , massachusetts . he attended
is an ohio republican politician , attorney , and professor . he is an alumnus of
had one sister , monica ( monica pidgeon ) , and one brother , george ( andrew george lehmann ) . she was educated at
is an alumnus of the
did his undergraduate work in english at the
( 1865-1964 ) was born in iowa into a quaker family on august 11 , 1865. she received a ba from bryn mawr college in 1889. in 1891 , she married isaac milton cox . in 1898 , she and her family moved to hawaii , spurred by isaac 's poor health . she taught at
ball ( he would later drop his surname professionally ) was born in dulwich , london , the son of rosina mary ( née thornton ) and william ernest ball . he wanted to act from an early age , but his father , who worked in a bank , wanted him to get a 'proper ' job and so he got a job working in insurance after leaving alleyn 's school . he soon enrolled at a small acting school , the
was born in leek , staffordshire . he studied at
is a former nfl defensive back and kick returner . he was born on june 14 , 1964 and attended holy trinity high school in winsted , minnesota . after high school guggemos attended the
was born june 14 , 1975 in california and grew up in a small town near sonora , in the sierra foothills . onstad attended
( born january 28 , 1987 , in sacramento , california ) is an american softball player . she attended
( born september 24 , 1992 ) is an american football defensive end . he currently attends the university of georgia , entering his freshman year . drew attended
taught at the
( october 24 , 1914 -- september 20 , 1992 ) received his b.e.e . from the
( 27 november 1862 -- 2 june 1885 ) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for sussex county cricket club . he was educated at
, a noted journalist and minor politician , by charlotte , daughter of matthew talbot . sir edward baines was his younger brother . he was educated at
graduated from
and her alma mater , the university of northern iowa . additional honors include the
( born november 7 , 1983 ) is a celebrity fashion designer , actress , and model from the united states . as a fashion designer , she has appeared as a featured guest on america 's next top model , as well as bravo 's the rachel zoe project . as an actress , appears in fox searchlight 's the ringer ( 2005 film ) as 'brandi ' , all of dierks bentley 's # 1 country music videos as 'becky- beginning with what was i thinkin ' , miramax 's sin city , and as a model in fashion campaigns for chanel and nordstrom . lauren elaine graduated in the top of her class from
is an independent historian and former columnist for antiwar.com and lewrockwell.com . his research interests include u.s. foreign policy , the war on terrorism , the antifederalists ( especially the thought of john taylor of caroline ) , and an on-going critique of the unitary executive theory of the u.s. presidency . he is a research fellow at the independent institute , and previously held the joann b. rothbard chair in history at the ludwig von mises institute . stromberg 's articles continue to appear in the freeman and the intercollegiate studies institute web journal first principles . he received his b.a . and m.a . from
( born 23 march 1952 ) is a polish science fiction writer and journalist . he graduated from the
was born on 30 january 1918 on manora island , india , the son of lionel and gertrude grayburn . the family returned to england whilst he was young , and he was educated at
studied mathematics and philosophy at the
, aka dina taylor , is an american singer and songwriter . richardson is a native new yorker whose musical roots are in new york and london . she spent her youth singing in a church choir . she attended the long island high school for the arts , specializing in voice and drama . richardson continued her studies of music and drama at new york university 's
graduated from platt college with a b.s . in media arts focusing on digital video and web design in 2007. before that , he attended
or `` makua laiana '' was born in colrain , franklin county , massachusetts , april 18 , 1807. he graduated from
( born 1952 ) is a historian of modern india and the dayton-stockton professor of history at princeton university . prakash is a member of the subaltern studies collective . prakash received his ba in history from the
was educated at
( august 13 , 1931 -- march 21 , 2003 ) was an american pianist who achieved prominence in europe as a soloist and chamber musician . born in vinalhaven , maine , he attended clark university in worcester , massachusetts and
under the name lisa jo druck . hunter had an affair with former presidential candidate john edwards , who recently admitted to fathering one of hunter 's children .
( born 25 january 1990 , london ) is an english sprinter who numerously has represented great britain and northern ireland at junior and senior level . at club level he represents marshall milton keynes ac and is also higher claim to newham and essex beagles a.c. between 2003-2008 he was educated at
was born on january 15 , 1943. he received a b.s . from the
was born on 15 september 1956 in bukarti village , yunusari local government area in the old borno , now yobe state . he attended the borno teachers ' college ( btc ) , maiduguri from 1974 to 1979 , where he obtained a teachers ' certificate . he attended
, a natal university and
graduate
, and brother samuel l. gouverneur ( 1799 -- 1865 ) had married monroe 's daughter . he graduated from
from 1945 to 1947 and was admitted to the high school for music and art in new york . in 1949 she transferred to the
, j.d. , is a cross cultural thought leader and the founder and chief executive officer of universal consensus , a global consulting firm specializing in cross cultural consulting and training services for multinational companies . she is a member of the u.s. state department speaker & specialist program . she earned a ba degree in psychology in 1983 , from
is an executive producer of law & order and a graduate of the
is an american academic credited with codifying and promoting the social work practice of strength based practice during his time at the
english student
is a prominent australian non-executive director . he was educated at
, he was educated at
was born in miner county , near howard , south dakota to immigrants peder holvik and eli jonsdatter from nordfjord , norway . holvik attended madison state normal school in madison , south dakota . he graduated from
, louisville , kentucky ( 1933- ) is an award-winning civil rights activist in the struggle against discrimination and social injustice in kentucky . she joined a student branch of the national association for the advancement of colored people while a student at indiana university . she earned a degree in english literature from the
, was born in santa maria in 1905 , and completed his studies at
, was born in santa maria , and completed his studies at
( ) is a chinese traditional musician who plays the yangqin . she taught at the
( born august 26 , 1984 in canton , michigan ) is an american professional ice hockey forward currently playing with hc sparta praha of the czech extraliga . he is the son of former nhl player dwight foster and nephew of former nhl player wes jarvis . prior to advancing to the professional ranks , foster played both junior hockey and college hockey . he played his collegiate hockey at
is a graduate from the
, the husband of his mother 's sister . he graduated from
is a poetic and novelic author , as well as a software engineer . siddharth katragadda was born in 1972 in bangalore , india and spent his first twenty-three years there , having earned his bachelor 's degree from the bangalore university in mechanical engineering . he came to the united states in august 1995 to pursue his masters degree . he graduated from the
received an honorary doctorate from jabalpur 's
in marlton , new jersey and was a good student and a letterman in football , basketball , and track & field . as a student , he was a member of the national honor society and was a national merit scholar . in track & field , he was a three-year letterman and an all-south jersey selection .
( ) ( 27 october 1858 - 6 october 1929 ) was a well known russian opera singer ( tenor ) . he finished study at the
, phd is j. herbert taylor distinguished professor of molecular biology in the department of biological sciences at florida state university . dr. gilbert 's work focuses on the mechanisms regulating dna replication during the cell cycle and the relationship between replication timing and structural and functional organization of chromosomes , most recently during differentiation in human and mouse embryonic stem cells . dr. gilbert received his ba degrees in biochemistry/cell biology and philosophy from the
and the son of former puerto rico senator
grew up in concord , north carolina . her father , robert , was a hospital administrator and her mother , trilby , was a homemaker . she was raised as a southern baptist . wall graduated in 1980 with a b.a. , summa cum laude , from
graduated from
was born in burton-in-lonsdale , north yorkshire . he later funded a primary school and a church building in the village . he was educated at
in edinburgh , where he developed a deep interest in history and the classics . he later studied at the university of st andrews and new college , oxford , before being appointed as lecturer in greek at the university of aberdeen in 1938. he later taught at the universities of dundee and st andrews .
, an engineer and graduate of the
, the chief rabbi of efrat , and a third rabbinic ordination from rabbi nathan lopes cardozo of jerusalem . he completed a masters at
( born 6 october 1953 in pärnu ) is an estonian journalist and communication consultant . raul rebane graduated from the
was also the captain of the u.s. u18 national team . tinordi attended
was a 6'5 forward/center who played at
graduated from the
, senior , and a music teacher , elizabeth huddleston stiles . he attended denver 's
, graduated from
. this led him to embark upon the 5-year process of creating a film in collaboration with betsy wyeth on the life and works of her husband , andrew wyeth . the film , entitled snow hill , began bartlett 's relationship with wyeth as an artistic mentor and life-long friend .
, ellen , and rob . she attended tabb high school in yorktown , virginia . she then attended brigham young university in provo , utah , where she received a b.a . in humanities in 1994. later she attended
was born in delft , the netherlands . his father was a musician , and had a large influence on him as a child ; on his sixth birthday , he was given a piano and a guitar from his father and a drum kit from his mother . he was actively involved in several bands at school and wrote music for the annual christmas musical on several occasions . he went on to study creative communications at the
was born in nigde , turkey on august 8 , 1908. his family soon moved to mosul , iraq . kavoukjian graduated from the
graduate
was born in ashton-under-lyne , greater manchester , and was educated locally at st mary 's rc primary school ( now moved to new premises and re-named `` our lady of mount carmel '' ) and st damian 's catholic secondary modern school ( now st damian 's science college ) on lees road , both in ashton-under-lyne . he studied at padgate training college , warrington , where he was awarded a certificate in education in 1977. he later returned to the college , which had been renamed north cheshire college , where he received a bachelor of education degree in 1987 ( the college has since merged with another to become warrington collegiate , though its higher education faculty is now part of the university of chester ) . he completed his studies at the
attended
( born 1961 ) is an american bass player and the brother of drummer gregg bissonette . he attended the
( 1833 -- 1892 ) and his wife . his father was then a member of the new york state assembly , and several times in later years was elected speaker of the assembly . the junior husted attended private schools , the
( 1914-1988 ) was a portrait painter and illustrator . he was born in waiʻanae , hawaiʻi in 1914. he attended the university of hawaii , where he met fellow art student and future wife , sueko . keichi continued his education at
and catherine boarman . he entered
was born in didsbury , alberta , canada , receiving his education at
grew up in the wealthy shaughnessy neighbourhood of vancouver . his ascendants also originally settled and gave their name to the community of ladner , british columbia . he briefly attended the nearby
was born and brought up in london , where he attended
emigrated to wellington , new zealand with his parents in 1976. he attended
and the mustard seed restaurant have received numerous awards for their work . these have included black & white awards but there has been no michelin stars . mullane received the best use of fresh ingredients award from
was born in edinburgh , the grandson of alexander monro tertius , professor of anatomy at the university of edinburgh , whose own father , alexander monro secondus ( 1733 -- 1817 ) , and grandfather , alexander monro primus ( 1697 -- 1767 ) , had both filled the same position . david monro was educated at the university of glasgow , where he was influenced by edmund law lushington to become a classical scholar . in 1854 , he attended
( born march 31 , 1971 ) is an australian academic , scholar , columnist , editor , and public intellectual . abramovich is a graduate of
( born november 15 , 1937 ) was the ncaa horizontal bar champion in 1959 and 1960. in 1958 , he came in second place to abie grossfeld preventing him from becoming the only three-time horizontal bar champion in ncaa history . tarshis was also awarded the `` big ten medal of honor '' in 1960 in his final year at
was born in milwaukee in 1915 to a family of norwegian descent . he was raised in hammond , indiana . he was educated at
received his first honorary degree in 1999 from mount allison university in sackville , new brunswick where he currently serves as chancellor . on july 1 , 2008 , he was appointed by michaëlle jean , governor general of canada as officer of the order of canada , the second grade of the highest civilian honour in canada . he received an honorary doctor of laws degree from the university of manitoba in winnipeg , manitoba in 2001. he received an honorary doctor of journalism degree from ryerson university in toronto in 2005. he received the honorary degree doctor of laws , honoris causa ( ll.d . ) from the university of western ontario , in london , ontario on june 9 , 2008. he received an honorary doctor of laws degree from the
was born on 2 august 1894 in truskawiec . his father , z. pelczar , was a physician himself , owner of a sanatorium and author of about 20 articles . in the years 1912 -- 1914 he studied medicine at
, an american student at the
is
's school for the deaf in edinburgh and then the
received the erik h. erikson early career award for excellence and creativity in the field of political psychology from the
was born on march 3 , 1967. he received an ll.b ( hons ) in 1994 from
grew up in canada , and has citizenship in both canada and the united states . he was most recently an attorney for banyan branch , a new-media marketing consulting group . his interests include french literature , science fiction , and cycling . evans graduated with honors in english and french from
. he returned to saudi arabia on june 20 , and obtained a u.s. visa on september 25 , 2000. he arrived back in san diego on december 8 , 2000. hamzi and hanjour then left for mesa , arizona , where hanjour enrolled in refresher training at arizona aviation . he had difficulties with multi-engine training , due to his poor english language skills . he did some training at
graduate
was born in redwood city , california . he grew up in the seattle area and attended high school in new york city . straley trained , with encouragement from his parents , to be a horseshoer . he attended
attended oberlin college for his ba , which was temporarily interrupted by a nine-month backpacking excursion through asia , the middle east , and europe . he studied medicine at the
( born july 10 , 1955 ) is a former ottawa city councillor representing orléans ward . he was first elected as a regional councillor for the regional municipality of ottawa-carleton in the 1994 election , and was re-elected to that position in 1997. he was elected to city council in 2000 and was re-elected in the 2003 ottawa election . he was the chair of the ottawa police services board . he is a graduate of the
attended secondary school at
's early upbringing was in the refugee colonies of delhi . he originally hails from dera ismail khan , pakistan . he graduated with a degree in english literature from
received primary and secondary education in larnaca ( cyprus ) , and after military service with the cypriot national guard , he studied medicine at the
is the son of wendell and gini smith , who founded the city church in 1992. he and his sister , wendy perez , who is married to benny perez , the senior pastor of the church at south las vegas , are seventh generation pastors . during his sophomore year in high school , judah left bellevue christian school to go to
is an american charedi orthodox rabbi and author . he is a senior lecturer at
graduated from the
. he is most famous for being involved in the rafael palmeiro and mitch williams trade in 1988. he was used primarily as a relief pitcher and spot starter . also was the first round pick by the chicago cubs in the 1984 draft . he was drafted one round before 300 game winner
, an engineering student at the
was born in goirle the netherlands in 1930. he studied architecture at the technical school in tilburg , netherlands . after emigrating to canada in 1954 , he studied at the
received honorary doctoral degrees from the
completed her honours degree in african languages at stellenbosch university . in 1977 she obtained her doctorate degree in zulu folklore - her field of speciality being cattle - from the
grew up in newport , oregon where he began his musical education . he received a b.a . in music theory/composition from
in 1998. her primary teacher and adviser was katie cannon
yusef efendi ( syriac : ܐܫܘܪ ܝܘܣܦ ܐܦܢܕܝ ) ( 1858 harput , ottoman empire - june 23 , 1915 diyarbekir , ottoman empire ) was a professor and an assyrian nationalist leader prior to world war i and the assyrian genocide . ashur was raised in tur abdin and like many in the area , was part of the syriac orthodox church . he was educated at the
and his family moved to east germany in 1968. he graduated from
( now washington and jefferson college ) in nearby washington , pennsylvania , in 1847 , where he was a member of the delta kappa epsilon fraternity ( theta chapter ) . subsequently , blaine taught at the western military institute in blue lick springs , kentucky , and from 1852 to 1854 , he taught at the pennsylvania institution for the blind in philadelphia . during this period , also , he studied law . blaine married harriet stanwood on june 30 , 1850. the couple had numerous children , including sons
is a british historian specialising in the queens of england and the tudor period . she obtained an master of arts in archaeology and anthropology from the
( born 1932 ) is an associate justice ( retired ) of the superior court of massachusetts and author or coauthor of several books on various legal topics , including the boston massacre and john adams . he graduated from
( born 1940 ) is a swedish chemist and teacher . he received his m.d . in 1968 and his ph.d. in 1973 at
was born in cedar rapids , iowa , to frank and julia ( née kuda ) biskup . he studied at
who had been lieutenant governor , he was born and died in portsmouth , new hampshire . wentworth graduated from
was educated at
, his former student professor joel greer , and another graduate student at
was born august 25 , 1863 in new brunswick , new jersey , where he grew up and attended school . he graduated from the
( june 10 , 1912 -- december 25 , 2001 ) was an american artist . she was born in honolulu in 1912. she received her bachelor of arts and master of fine arts degrees from the university of hawaii , where she met her fellow art student and future husband keichi kimura . she also attended the
comes from a musical family ; the first instrument he played was the tabla drums . when he decided to learn the guitar he faced the difficulty of inaccessibility to printed music , recordings and accredited teachers in his homeland nepal , but he eventually won a full scholarship to study guitar at the
is professor of germanic studies and director of jewish studies at the university of illinois at chicago . she teaches and publishes on austrian , german and german-jewish literature and culture , and holocaust studies . she was born in goslar , west germany and began her studies ( german , english , philosophy , pedagogy ) at the university of goettingen ( germany ) . she completed her ph.d. in german ( 1973 ) and her ma in english ( 1974 ) at the university of cincinnati . she taught at
( ) ( born april 24 , 1940 ) is an iranian archaeologist and anthropologist . in 1964 he finished his ba in archaeology at the university of tehran . he was awarded a fulbright fellowship to study at the oriental institute of the university of chicago . after returning to iran in 1970 , he started teaching at the university of tehran . four years later , with a fellowship from the ministry of higher education and tehran university , he studied anthropology at the
, occultist author and musician , is a graduate of
( born 1923 ) . rabbi spero was born in new york city . he studied at yeshiva torah vodaas in brooklyn , new york . he received his b.s degree at
( october 23 , 1873- 1956 ) , was an american artist who specialized in painting and sculpting . born in brooklyn , new york , he studied at the
( born 1931 ) is an american journalist , novelist , and historian . the son of patrick and anne ford , he attended public schools in new hampshire and massachusetts , graduating in 1950 from brewster academy in wolfeboro , new hampshire . he was educated at the
studied organ and harpsichord at chetham 's school of music , the john loosemore centre , and was an organ scholar at
( born 1942 in stratford upon avon , warwickshire ) is a british writer and compiler of books on british comedy . wilmut attended
graduated from
( 1841 -- 1887 ) graduated from
graduated college in 1983 at
( the lab scenes were actually filmed at the natural history museum in los angeles ) , and later attends the school . the marvel comics superhero daredevil was valedictorian of his class at columbia law school .
( born may 24 , 1988 ) is a performer , visual artist , and songwriter from los angeles , california , currently living and performing in new york city , where he attended
graduated from mt . lebanon high school near pittsburgh , pennsylvania in 1966. he then attended georgetown university , earning a master 's degree in international relations in 1972. he did additional postgraduate work at the johns hopkins university
( born 20 october 1986 ) is an indian vj and actress . she was born in ghaziabad , india and later moved to jhansi . she attended
, where he much enjoyed the sporting side of college life : he delighted in swimming , rowing , fencing , riding and boxing . he did not , however , take to academic study and left without taking a degree . encouraged by
was born on 13 january 1975 in gelsenkirchen , north rhine-westphalia , germany , into a musical family . his younger brother denis gäbel plays tenor saxophone in the tom gaebel big band . colin gäbel is a singer and guitarist in addition to being a renowned tv presenter and reporter about computer games ; he is a member of the rock band mondo kane . tom started with music lessons at an early age and he plays several instruments , including drums , violin , trombone and piano . even during his high-school days , he was a member of bands , including two big bands and a rock band called goresaw . he attended the
of elm hall , celbridge , co. kildare ( 1834-1907 ) and his second wife elizabeth ( née saul ) . he was educated at
was born on december 23 , 1951 , in chicago , illinois . he spent most of his childhood in chicago until his parents moved to pasadena , california in 1966. he attended the wcg 's private university ,
graduated from
a. and josephine r. ( née altomare ) cistone , sr. one of three children , he has two brothers , daniel and anthony . he attended our lady of consolation school and graduated from father judge high school in 1967. he then studied at
graduated in 1968 with honors from the university of wisconsin , with both a bachelor 's degree in chemistry as well as a b.a . degree . during high school and his freshman year in college , breslauer played left field on his schools `` baseball teams , and , subsequently , for a brief period , he followed his passion and played minor league baseball in west haven , connecticut . during his phd research at
attended
is a professor emeritus of graph theory from the department of mathematics , indian institute of technology madras , chennai . he received his ph.d. ( 1966 ) in graph theory from the
( born 12 september 1965 in chicago , illinois ) is an american television producer . he is the son of anna mae and robert michaels and was raised in the suburbs of des plaines and arlington heights . michaels graduated from
, 1st baronet , who was a noted art collector . quilter was educated at
was the co-head of the litigation department at stroock & stroock & lavan llp . he received his ll.b . from
was graduated with a b.m.s . and m.d . from the university of alberta . he completed his medical residency in radiation oncology at
, and subsequently played collegiately as an all-american at stanford university . he attended
was born in louisville , ky. he is a graduate of southern illinois university . he earned his officer commission through the aviation officer candidate program in january 1966 and was designated a naval aviator in april 1967. he attended the
( born 1950 ) is an attorney and judge from johnston , iowa . born in sheldon , iowa , he received his bachelor 's degree from the university of iowa in 1972. in 1975 , he graduated from the
( born 1944 in manitoba , canada ) is an author who has written more than 70 young adult books . she is well-known for writing about young adults struggling with mortality and chronic illness , a career that began as a therapeutic way to deal with the trauma when her son , then 3 , was diagnosed with juvenile diabetes . her characters have grappled with cancer , diabetes , organ failure , and the deaths of loved ones through disease or suicide . she is a graduate of the
attended the
. love attended
is an artist . he was born in 1980 in carmichael , california , a suburb of sacramento . he attended
, an alumnus of the
, received his semicha from the
( born may 15 , 1943 in st. louis , missouri ) is a former american football defensive back in the national football league for the washington redskins and the new england patriots . he played college football at the
is the grandson of yosef weitz , director of the land and afforestation department of the jewish national fund . weitz obtained his b.a . in history and philosophy in 1977 , and his m.a . in history in 1982 , from the
carried out some important restoration work . webb was educated at
was born in jacksonville , florida and grew up primarily in virginia , maryland and wisconsin . he attended
( born 19 december 1985 ) is a british fashion designer from cheshire , england . he studied a national diploma in fashion at
( born december 31 , 1941 ) is an american academic who specializes in the literature and politics of exile , especially russian literature . glad has written about nazi germany , world war ii and the holocaust . he received his ph.d. degree from
( born 1951 in heidelberg , germany ) is a mathematician whose interests are in celestial mechanics , dynamical systems , dynamical astronomy , and aerospace engineering . belbruno received his associate degree from
( b. memphis , tennessee , united states , october 11 , 1947 , is an american jazz reeds player associated with the association for the advancement of creative musicians and an instructor in improvisational jazz at the
. he was educated at the
is a professor of film studies , specializing in theory , particularly working with issues of gender and orientalism in hollywood cinema . she is well-known for her refutation of laura mulvey 's seminal essay `` visual pleasure and narrative cinema , '' arguing that spectators often derive masochistic , rather than sadistic , pleasures . she has also authored and has edited four anthologies : john ford made westerns , visions of the east , , and . she currently serves as the david may distinguished university professor at washington university in st. louis , chairing the department in film and media studies . she has previously taught at
of iran in 1973. he then moved to the uk to continue his graduate studies in modern political and social theory . he obtained an ma in politics from the university of keele in 1976. he then received his phd in sociology from the university of london in 1983. this was followed by a post-doctoral research fellowship funded by the economic and social research council in 1984 .
( born in auburn , alabama ) is currently the cornerbacks coach of the green bay packers . after the majority of the defensive coaching staff was fired after a disappointing 2008 season , he was one of only two defensive coaches retained by the packers . he was then officially announced by the packers that he was promoted from his defensive quality control position to his current cornerbacks coach on february 3 of 2009 after speculation by the media . whitt , jr. has also spent time with the atlanta falcons in 2007 as an assistant defensive backs coach . whitt attended
( full name gerald timothy harvey locke ) was born in 1959 to ralphine locke ( née harvey ) and dr. gerald lorne locke , in calgary , alberta . his family counts among southern alberta 's earliest european settlers and has been in the bow valley since the early 1870s . he grew up in southern alberta where he attended the strathcona-tweedsmuir school in dewinton , alberta . in 1976 , he spent a year in college wildhorn , in anzere , switzerland . back in calgary , he first obtained a bachelor of arts in french and later a bachelor of laws in 1984 ( with silver medal ) from the
was born on december 20 , 1908 in port townsend , washington to edward , and margret mclarney , both of new york , and irish american . edward mclarney was a soldier in the united states army , and later in life a clerk . art mclarney had four siblings ; brothers douglas , ralph , and felix ; and sister ethel . by 1930 , art mclarney was living with his sister , ethel . in 1930 , art mclarney enrolled at
. in 1977 , thompson met chilean phenomenologist francisco varela when varela attended a lindisfarne conference which was organized by thompson and gregory bateson . thompson received a ph.d. in philosophy from the university of toronto in 1990 and an a.b . in asian studies from
born in 1993 in harlingen , texas is miss teen usa 2011. doty was crowned by miss teen usa 2010 winner kamie crawford . doty will now move into the trump tower in new york with miss usa 2011 alyssa campanella and miss universe 2010 ximena navarrete . she is a student at
, riverside and majored in biology .
was an influential american author of numerous books on needlework , sewing , and textile arts . born in aug. 6 1886 , she founded the women 's institute of domestic arts and sciences in scranton , pa. a fashion expert and author , picken was an authority on dress , fabric , design , and sewing . she taught `` economics of fashion '' at
is the editor of canadian business and was appointed to the position in july 2009. he was previously a business columnist at maclean 's magazine . his articles focus primarily on business and public policy . he graduated from
, a graduate of
graduated from the
, like many of the founders of american sinology , had his introduction to the subject as the child of missionary parents in china . born in deerfield , illinois , he spent his childhood in hunan . he studied briefly at oberlin college and then graduated from yale university ( 1914 ) with a major in philosophy . subsequently , he earned an a.m. in philosophy at columbia university and a b.d . at union theological seminary in the city of new york . he returned to china as a missionary , studying chinese in nanjing before moving on to work in hunan . returning from china , dubs earned a ph.d. at the
at fifteen , graduating in 1845. he continued studying and worked at a bank in northampton for several years , then assisted his older brother
attended
( born at cawaci , on ovalau island , 28 april 1933 ) is the roman catholic archbishop of suva , fiji . after his education at
is professor of indo-muslim and islamic religion and cultures and associate director of prince alwaleed bin talal islamic studies program at harvard university . after completing his high school education in kenya , he attended
was born in rutland , new york on june 23 , 1824. in 1846 he graduated from
of hinchingbrooke , huntingdon , the godfather of oliver cromwell the lord protector . this meant that ingoldsby was a cousin of the lord protector . he was educated at
attended high school in dekalb , tx , graduating from dekalb high school in 1983. rhea received a bachelor of music education with honors from the university of arkansas , privately studying conducting under eldon a. janzen . timothy rhea continued his education in music by earning a master of music in wind conducting from texas tech university . while at texas tech , he studied with james sudduth , served as an assistant conductor for the university symphonic band , and served as a graduate assistant director and musical arranger for the texas tech university goin ' band from raiderland . in may 1999 , timothy rhea received his doctor of musical arts in wind conducting and composition from the
was educated at the latin and greek gymnasium school in zwolle , the netherlands from 1946 to 1953 , after which he entered the dutch navy in the training program for reserve lieutenant . following a short unsuccessful spell of being a cadet in the dutch naval academy he entered groningen university in the netherlands 1956 as a student in medicine . this not being a career he desired , his parents who were living then in iran , sent him to the
after displaying his skill in two sports . he played football at the university of colorado in the 1901 season under coach
was born and raised in philadelphia and educated in its public schools . she studied at
attended the
( born october 19 , 1985 ) was a center on the wake forest men 's basketball team from 2003-04 to 2006-07. he graduated from
was born in 1960 in ahmedabad , gujarat . he was educated at the
scored a century while a baby in his pram . he attended
was born and raised in luleå , sweden . in the early nineties andersson moved to stockholm where he attended
is a chinese-japanese canadian television personality , an international art dealer , and a visual artist . she is a television presenter and canadian actress affiliated with fairchild tv . studied in maryknoll convent school ( hong kong ) , and prince of wales secondary school ( vancouver ) , she graduated from the
where he obtained his bachelor of science degree in forestry . in 1938 he married margaret gibson-hill , a writer by herself , with whom he had two sons and one daughter . from 1936 to 1948 he was teacher and university lecturer . in 1948 campbell became secretary at the british trust for ornithology . he worked 10 years for this organization , serving on the panel of the wildlife collection in collaboration with julian huxley . from april 1959 to 1962 he spent as senior producer at the bbc natural history unit at bristol .
is an author from narragansett , rhode island , who is best known for writing five novels . he lives with his wife , two children and their dog in rhode island where , most days , he is busy at work on his next novel . born and raised in rhode island , peter pezzelli grew up in the town of north providence . a graduate of la salle academy , he completed a year of prep school at
was the first girl to sing with the boys choir kiedricher chorbuben . from 1982 to 1987 she sang the role of the first boy in mozart 's die zauberflöte at the hessisches staatstheater wiesbaden . after her abitur she studied musicology , english studies and history of art at the johannes gutenberg-universität mainz and took private singing lessons with eduard wollitz . she continued her studies at the
was born in 1931 in tiberias , palestine to a syrian father and a lebanese-palestinian mother . his father was an anglican minister . after the 1948 arab-israeli war , his family fled to sidon , lebanon where he went to high school . sayigh studied political science at the
lives in ottawa , ontario , with her husband , ctv reporter roger smith , and her two children , jade and kai . she received honorary doctorates from
studied at
( notably the focal point of the campus plan , the hendricks chapel , designed with
is an american musician from omaha , nebraska . he attended
graduated from
was born in october 1945 at jorhat , assam . she matriculated from ridgeway girls ' high school , golaghat , assam . she received her b.a with distinction from fazl ali college , mokokchung , nagaland . she received her m.a in english from
graduated with a degree in film from the
, moving to lake mary when he was five years old . he attended
. in 2000 he received an mfa from the
was born at rugby , warwickshire , on 22 september 1801. he was the fourth son of rev . richard rouse bloxam , who was a schoolmaster at
( born 1 july 1940 - ) is an american biologist , who was director of the whitehead institute at mit from 1990-2001. he graduated from
( born in california ) is a romance author , composer , musician and voiceover artist , and is married to bass guitarist richard campbell . glynnis campbell studied music at
grew up in philadelphia , with one parent living in nyc . white attended capa , the high school for creative and performing arts , in philadelphia . later , while a student at school of visual arts in new york , white worked as an assistant to artists laurie simmons and carroll dunham and studied with marilyn minter . after graduating from sva , white moved to los angeles in 1996 to attend
undergraduate linguistics student ( now arctic explorer )
and jamie mcmurray in the nationwide series and the # 51 chevrolet driven by landon cassill in the sprint cup series . he is a graduate of
, ellen , and rob . she attended
began his studies as a piano major at the university of california , santa cruz , ultimately switching his studies to singing under tenor harlan hokin . after two semesters there he transferred to ucla where he studied under virginia fox and kari windingstad . in 1989 he began a masters degree in early-music interpretation at the
( born 1932 ) is a figure in ethnomusicology and musicology . he is a professor of anthropology and a member of ( ( social dynamics the social dynamics and complexity group ) ) at the
was born in cologne , germany on 4 january 1913 , and named after his grandfather 's oldest brother , a former chief rabbi of holland . his father was boruch chaim dunner . he completed his rabbinical studies at the
was involved with music since his childhood . he used to play guitar and eventually he started playing bass guitar , grand piano , table , flute and 24 oriental instruments . he performed for the first time on stage with his band as lead guitarist , at the age of 15. he finished his secondary school on 2005 from rajuk uttara model college and his higher secondary studies on 2007 from notre dame college ( dhaka ) . then he enrolled himself in
, did not accept him as a seminarian for the diocese of covington because he was unable to provide for his seminary expenses , and alerding was instead accepted by bishop jacques-maurice de saint palais of the diocese of vincennes . he attended
was born on july 4 , 1910 , in philadelphia as meyer robert schkolnick in a family of yiddish speaking russian jews that had emigrated to the united states in 1904. his mother was ida rasovskaya , an `` unsynagogued '' socialist who had freethinking radical sympathies . his father was aaron schkolnickoff , officially identified at his port of entry in the united states as harrie skolnik , tailor and hebrew . many of merton 's childhood experiences formed a basis for his theory of social structure , particularly the reference group . he attended
was born in co. monaghan in clones , co. monaghan , ireland , son of james and anne lynch , and was religious at a very young age . he attended
from 1953 to 1979 he was tait professor of mathematical physics , creating the tait institute of mathematical physics in 1955. he was elected a fellow of the royal society in 1956 and won its hughes medal in 1966 .
was born at horningsheath , suffolk , the son of william covel . he was educated at bury st edmunds school and
was born in burlington , vermont in 1792. he was the grandson of general ethan allen , leader of the green mountain boys and hero of ticonderoga , and the son of judge samuel hitchcock . he attended
( born march 21 , 1960 in hagerstown , maryland ) is an american film and television writer , producer , director and entertainment entrepreneur . macht was born to stanley and naomi macht , a radiologist and housewife , respectively . he attended
( may 4 , 1932 -- april 25 , 2004 ) was an american football player and college ice hockey coach . he played halfback in the national football league for the pittsburgh steelers and washington redskins . he played college football at
in palatka , florida and was a letterman in football , basketball , and track and field . in football , as a senior , he made 25 receptions for 600 yards ( 24.0 yards per reception avg . ) , and was a second team all-state selection . in track & field , he set the school record in the triple jump with a jump of 47 feet and 7 inches .
was born in bognor regis , sussex , england , to an anglo-australian pastoralist family , which settled in melbourne , australia in 1923. drysdale was educated at
is doctor of science ( health care ) in 1997 from the university of tampere . her dissertation was entitled `` the current and future quality requirement in nursery '' . risikko has received honorary doctorate from the
graduated from
, where he was an editor of the student newspaper hi 's eye . he attended johns hopkins university . in 1992 he started the untitled theater company # 61 in new york ( co-founded with his older brother david einhorn , who has produced plays for the company ) . with that company ,
is an american politician from utah . a republican , he is a member of the utah state house , representing the state 's 15th house district in kaysville . aagard received his bachelor 's degree from
( born 1959 ) is an american novelist who spent his childhood in tokyo and seoul as the son of a state department officer . he received his b.a . in english literature from
( b. november 21 , 1941 ) was the sixth president of gallaudet university , later becoming the chancellor of national university . he received a ba from
was born and raised in belfast where her mother , 'adrienne mcguill ' , was an announcer and newsreader at ulster television from 1959 to 1969 , and also presented 'the romper room ' , from 1964 to 1969 as 'miss adrienne ' . adrienne catherwood was awarded an mbe in 2004 for her work with the charity action medical research . andrea was educated at
( b . 1967 , washington , d.c. ) is an american artist and chair of the craft/material studies department at virginia commonwealth university in richmond , va. previously , she was baldwin-bascom professor of creative arts at the university of wisconsin -- madison . clark received degrees from amherst college , the school of the art institute of chicago , and cranbrook academy of art . she graduated from the
( born february 28 , 1979 in victoria , british columbia ) is a canadian ice hockey player , currently playing for the edinburgh capitals in the elite ice hockey league . he played 9 games for the phoenix coyotes in 2003 -- 04. he also played 13 games in finland 's sm-liiga for tappara . before turning pro , he played hockey at
( 1833 -- 1892 ) and his wife . his father was then a member of the new york state assembly , and several times in later years was elected speaker of the assembly . the junior husted attended private schools , the peekskill military academy , and cutler 's school , new york city . he was graduated from phillips academy , andover , massachusetts . he graduated in 1888 from
is a native of cincinnati , oh . she was born october 30 , 1972. she attended walnut hills high school and was a member of the class of 1991. she went on to study at
received a bachelor 's of science in business administration from the
( cameron diaz ) , a 20-year-old
jovicic was born in las vegas , nevada . his mother worked as a family and marriage counselor and his father was in the clothing business . his parents divorced when he was a small child . his mother won custody of loren , and the family moved to los angeles , california . when visiting his father , the two often went to the movies -- which dean says led to his love of film . his childhood was a difficult one , and he ran away from home when he was 16 years old . he graduated from
( born march 18 , 1955 ) is an irish radio broadcaster and news reporter . he is currently chairman of the irish government 's science awareness programme , discover science & engineering . he is a member of the board of governors of the school of cosmic physicsat the dublin institute for advanced studies . leo enright was born in london , but considers dublin his home town . he was educated at st. fintan 's high school , sutton and university college dublin . as a fellow of the world press institute , he studied american history , economics and culture at
was born june 10 , 1934 , and raised in salem , oregon where his grandfather had started a law firm in 1889. he graduated from salem high school ( now
( born july 25 , 1957 ) is an american glass artist . he was born in carmel , california , usa . he was educated at
was born and raised in pittsburgh , pennsylvania where he also received a fine arts and design degree from
is an american film producer . he attended the
( b. in harrisburg , pennsylvania , 28 february 1795 ; d. in baltimore , maryland , 29 december 1865. kurtz was educated privately , and began his studies in harrisburg academy , and at the age of fifteen was an assistant teacher there . at the age of eighteen he began the study of theology at lebanon , pennsylvania , in 1815 he was licensed to preach , and immediately received a call as assistant to his uncle , john daniel kurtz , who was then pastor at baltimore . he was then pastor at hagerstown , maryland for sixteen years , and from 1831 to 1833 at chambersburg , pennsylvania . retiring from the active duties of the ministry in 1833 , owing to failing health , he took charge of the lutheran observer , a post which he held for nearly thirty years . in 1838 he received the degree of d. d. from
was educated at new york university , receiving a b.s . in 1964. while in college , he participated in the reserve officers ' training corps , graduating as a distinguished military graduate and being commissioned as a second lieutenant in the united states army reserve . he next attended
was born 6 may 1948 in south kingstown , rhode island to robert c. and louise aukerman . he graduated from
was born in glens falls , new york in 1896 , son of hubert lee and vira ( mills ) crandell . hubert 's grandfather , born peter crandall , thought `` the better way to spell the last name was crandell instead of the original spelling used by the immigrant ancestor , elder john crandall . crandell attended classes at the
graduated from
( c. 1115 -- 25 august 1192 ) was the bishop of naumburg ( zeitz ) from 1150 until 1154 and archbishop of magdeburg from 1152 until his death . he was the son of gero , count of seeburg . during his long career , he was an unflappable supporter of frederick barbarossa against pope alexander iii and an implacable military leader against the emperor 's foes in the northeast , especially henry the lion . wichmann studied theology at the
was born in 1939 in a disciplined farming family in southern netherlands . he became politically active early on in student movements during his studies at
( born may 26 , 1987 ) is a canadian sailor from oakville , ontario . he is currently a five-time canadian sailing national team member campaigning for the 2012 olympics in london . in 2008 , he won the us national championships and the north american grand prix in the laser ( dinghy ) class . in 2009 , he won the north american championship and then the canadian championship in 2010. his current standing is 21st in the world at the perth 2011 isaf sailing world championship . he has a civil engineering degree from
was born the eldest of two sons in brooklyn , new york and grew up in the neighborhood of mill basin where he attended south shore high school . his father is a cuban-american and his mother is of english and romanian descent . blit received his bachelor of arts degree from saint john 's university in 1997. in 2000 , blit graduated from
in oakland , california and was a student and a letter-man in football , basketball , and baseball . in football , he was a first team all-city wide receiver as a junior . as a senior , he led his team to the league championship and was a second team all-city quarterback .
is a canadian television and radio personality . she graduated from
, graduated from the
was
, the group had engaged in providing weapons for the uvf mid-ulster brigade , which was commanded from 1975 to the early 1990s by robin jackson . jackson had taken over as leader when the brigade 's founder , billy hanna was shot to death outside his home in lurgan ; the killing was allegedly perpetrated by jackson . weir alleged that he personally received weapons from
is a member of the russian academy of sciences ( since 1990 ) and the italian academy of sciences ( since 1994 ) . in 2001 he received an honorary doctorate from the
began his education at the musical science institute in copenhagen ( 1990 -- 92 ) . in 1995 he was admitted to the
and dr. richard furman , pastor of the first baptist church charleston , who made a great impression on him . he attended
( may 27 , 1939 - march 15 , 2006 ) was an american novelist and critic . newman authored several experimental novels including white jazz ( 1984 ) , the promisekeeper : a tephramancy ( 1971 ) , a child 's history of america ( 1973 ) , new axis ( 1968 ) , and the post-modern aura : the act of fiction in an age of inflation ( 1985 ) and his work has been compared to william s. burroughs and thomas pynchon . newman was an instructor at
is an urbanist based in glasgow , scotland . he is principal of willie miller urban design ( wmud ) , one of scotland 's foremost urban design practices , having established the firm in 1996. miller studied at
, worked as a venture capitalist , and her father , herbert london , is the president emeritus of the hudson institute . `` we do n't see eye to eye on that much politically , '' she acknowledges , but `` he did instill a certain sense of propriety and right and wrong in me , which plays into my fashion sensibility . '' she also acknowledged him as `` the best father in the world . '' she received her b.a . from
is an american writer . tussing was a graduate of the
( m. j. klein ) ( june 25 , 1924 -- march 28 , 2009 ) was a science historian of 19th and 20th century physics . at
was born in caracas to luis manuel urosa joud and ligia savino del castillo de urosa . he studied humanities at colegio de la salle tienda honda , and philosophy at the interdiocesan seminary of caracas . from 1962 to 1965 , he studied theology at
was born in brisbane , queensland , his father 's dutch antecedents having emigrated to australia in 1858. he grew up in sydney and studied at the julian ashton art school and the north sydney technical college , completing his studies at the east sydney technical college ( now the
was born in columbia , missouri , and grew up in memphis , tennessee , where he attended
of bethany , virginia . campbell enrolled carbajal in
grew up in russia , japan , lebanon , netherlands , iran and bulgaria . she was educated at
( 1870 -- 1919 ) was a pioneer in criminology . he was educated at the
, kcsi , obe , vd ( 17 march 1877 -- 13 may 1944 ) was an administrator in india during the british raj . born in glasgow to hamilton and margaret ( maggie ) hotson , he was educated at
( born 1931 ) is non-resident senior fellow at the miller center of public affairs at the university of virginia . he is a graduate of the
grew up in new orleans , louisiana , where he attended new orleans public schools and
was born on january 9 , 1962 in new york city and was raised in rego park , queens . she graduated from
, delorme , d'lorm , or de l'orme ( 1584 -- 1678 ) , was a medical doctor . charles was the son of jean delorme ( a professor at montpellier university ) , who was the primary doctor to marie de ' medici . this ultimately opened doors for charles ' medical career soon after he graduated from the
graduated from
and his wife , lepell phipps . phipps studied at
( traditional chinese 蔡聲白 : simplified chinese 蔡声白 pinyin : cài shengbái ) ; also known as : tsai hsiung ( chinese 蔡雄 ; pinyin : cài xióng ) , ( 27 september 1894 -- 15 april 1977 ) was a pioneering chinese industrialist . during 1915 to 1919 , tsai shengbai studied at
is the dean of the irvin d. reid honors college at wayne state university . he was born in abilene , texas and received his phd and ma from
was born in johannesburg , south africa on 13 may 1932. he attended the
received his bachelors degree in economics , magna cum laude , from
. his father was killed in action in 1942 , at which point he became his grandfather 's heir apparent . when his grandfather was created earl of gowrie in 1945 he became known by the courtesy title viscount ruthven of canberra . he was educated at eton and
received the inspiration award at the 2008 asian excellence awards . two days after her dancing with the stars champion crowning , she received the 2008 sonja henie award from the
was a world renowned scholar of balkan history and a member of the jasenovac research institute 's advisory board when he died after a long struggle with cancer . of serbian background , stoianovich was born in 1920 in graješnica , then part of the kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes , but grew up in rochester , new york , after his parents brought him to america . at a time when it was difficult for working class people and immigrants to achieve higher education , he earned his undergraduate degree from the
, dragotin kette and josip murn . in 1896 , he went to study history and geography at the
was a prominent musician in houston , texas particularly on the jazz scene between the years 1982 and 1996. nichols was a freelance bassist and recording engineer/producer for many different artists in the houston area . nichols creative energy was expressed most prolifically in the band stratus ( us fusion jazz band ) which recorded four cds of original vituosity . nichols was a respected bassist noted by peers and critics to be among the top in the country . he studied music at the
, a world war i flying ace and managing director of cadbury brothers , the chocolate enterprise . he was educated at
the elder ( 1400 -- 62 ) . he studied at
in baltimore . after graduating from bennett college with a degree in theater arts ,
, a german painter of battle-pieces , was born at würzburg in 1807 , and was at first instructed by fessel . in 1825 he attended the
was born on 4 july , 1934 in san francisco , california to harry behn ( 1889-1973 ) , a screenwriter and children 's author , and his wife alice behn ( nee lawrence , 1905-1989 ) . he had two other siblings : a brother named prescott and a sister named pamela . behn 's paternal grandfather henry was german and his paternal grandmother maren ( nee christensen ) was danish . his family lived in arizona and greenwich , connecticut . behn was educated at
was born in 1893 in takamatsu , kagawa , japan . his martial arts training began at the age of six , in muso ryu jujitsu , which was followed by kendo when he was 13 , and subsequently , takenouchi-ryū jujitsu , a style characterized by strong punches and kicks , similar to those later employed in karate . in 1915 , he entered
was born in 1893 in takamatsu , kagawa , japan . his martial arts training began at the age of six , in muso ryu jujitsu , which was followed by kendo when he was 13 , and subsequently , takenouchi-ryu jujitsu , a style characterized by strong punches and kicks , similar to those later employed in karate . in 1915 , he entered
was born in 1893 in takamatsu , kagawa , japan . his martial arts training began at the age of six , in muso ryu jujitsu , which was followed by kendo when he was 13 , and subsequently , takenouchi-ryū jujitsu , a style characterized by strong punches and kicks , similar to those later employed in karate . in 1915 , he entered
's film school and juilliard school of music . in 1997 he founded the umoja youth project , the award winning youth gospel choir , and is the founder and producing artistic director of three lions stage .
( katia tchemberdji or jekaterina wladimirowna tschemberdschi ) ( b . 6 may 1960 ) is a russian pianist and composer . she was born in moscow and began her study of music at age 7. in 1978 she studied composition and piano at the
. she graduated from
is a research mathematician and musician ; born matthew demsey in december , 1970 , his name was legally changed in the early 1990s . he earned a bachelor of science from the
received his bba ( magna cum laude ) from baruch college in 1980 , his mba from the university of chicago in 1988 , and his ph.d. from
( born 1911 , died 1998 ) was a swedish psychophysicist . he was interested in motion perception in vision . he is most well known for his investigations of biological motion . he helped develop the rigidity assumption which posits that proximal stimuli that can be perceived as rigid objects are generally perceived as such . johansson received his ph.d. from the
and gerald ford . he earned his b.a . degree from
in minneapolis where she was involved in many activities . the 1963 washburn yearbook says , `` candy was a member of blue tri , class play , poplars staff , quill club , forensics , pep club , and hall of fame '' blue tri club was an organization that encouraged christian ideals and put together service projects . in addition ,
attended
, who was the founder of the swagelok company . bill is a graduate of
was educated at the
is an american screenwriter , newspaper editor , television and radio reporter who worked primarily in southern california and las vegas , nevada . devereaux graduated magna cum laude from the
graduated fairview in 1995. he played football and baseball at
charles is the son of the duke who rules the principality . the prince has been studying at the
immigrated to bucharest , romania in 1926. he studied violin with cecilia nitzulescu-lupu at the ( (
) , from 1959 to 1964. he held his first solo exhibition in 1959 at richman gallery in melbourne . he approached the internationally renowned australian expressionist painter
. time named
attended
, the alderman and lord mayor of london . at the age of ten , he began school at a latin school newly opened in shenstone , staffordshire , and continued in country free schools until he was admitted to
was born in woonsocket ,
, the man who invented the cotton gin and devised the idea of interchangeable parts , went to school at
. when white was born , george had graduated from atlanta university and was a postal worker . madeline had graduated from
had one sibling , howard s. berger . during the spring of 1914 , clarence berger graduated from the
is a western australian journalist who presents the morning programme on 720 abc perth . born and raised in perth , hutchison briefly attended the
, and while a student he began publishing verse in newspapers and magazines . he spent much of his maturity traveling ; he stayed in a number of planned communities for varying lengths of time , then wrote autobiographical novels about his experiences . kemps tramping on life : an autobiographical narrative ( 1922 ) was one of the best selling `` tramp autobiographies '' of the 1900-1939 period . when not traveling he was a regular denizen of greenwich village in new york city and provincetown on cape cod in massachusetts , where he was associated with the provincetown players . there is a street named for him ,
is the translator of natsume sōseki 's novel the wayfarer and author of a critical study on soseki . he has also written studies of lafcadio hearn . yu was born in korea in 1925. he attended the first higher school in tokyo , and received his ba from seoul national university in 1948. he received his ma from the university of kansas city in 1954 and his phd from
, who visited south georgia aboard the sealing brig daisy of new bedford , massachusetts under captain benjamin d. cleveland . murphy named the glacier for his alma mater ,
, a canadian who graduated from
. she attended the
and marcy mckinnon , of scottish descent . mcdonald was educated at
( 1 february 1970 -- 3 january 2008 ) was a major in the u.s. army . he was educated at
( born 15 january , 1953 in sydney , new south wales ) is an australian author of crime fiction and true crime books . he completed a doctorate of creative arts at the
graduated with a bfa from ohio wesleyan university in 1974 and a mfa from the
( july 3 , 1914 -- november 3 , 1995 ) was a u.s. air force general . a native of laramie , wyoming , he graduated from the
, a graduate of el paso 's
( born january 11 , 1981 in edmonton , alberta ) is a canadian rower . he is a student at the
graduated from the san francisco
( born 1981 ) is an american realist painter based in bethesda , maryland . he attended the
in 1975. he received his phd from
played an important role in bringing him up ; his middle name fortescue was added in recognition . he was educated at
received the zenger award from the
attended
was the son of christopher emmanuel and rose ( giolito ) balestrero . in 1970 he earned a bachelor 's degree in industrial engineering from the
's ideological orientation . after joining the communist youth league ( 1925 ) and ccp ( 1926 ) , he enrolled in
with a b.f.a . in 2003. his work is often collaborative and interactive , falling into the new social practice stream of contemporary art . he has had continued collaborative practices with parfyme , rancourt/yatsuk , christopher robbins , eva la cour , ward shelley , and flux factory , the latter being an arts collective and non-profit organization for which
studied political science and urban and regional planning at the
and maria ( fenno ) hoffman ( 1781 -- 1823 , daughter of john fenno ) . when 11 years old , his leg was crushed by a boating accident and had to be amputated . he attended
( born 1957 in oak park , illinois ) is a professor of viola and head of the string department at oberlin conservatory of music , where he has earned the school 's teaching award . before teaching at oberlin , slowik taught at cleveland institute of music , northwestern university for 13 years , where he earned the mccormick professorship for teaching excellence , and also at
was born in baltimore , maryland on 2 june 1870 , the son of henry jacob broening and catherine ( petri ) broening . he graduated from the
( michael j. fox ) is a recent graduate of
and elizabeth ( goldthwaite ) bacon he graduated from
in plantation , florida and was a student and a standout in football and basketball . in football , as a junior , he made 50 receptions for 850 yards ( 17.00 yards per reception avg . ) and 15 touchdowns . as a senior , he was a first team all-broward county selection , a second team all-state selection , and was named by the south florida sun-sentinel as a broward county co-offensive player of the year . in basketball , as a senior , he was a second team all-state selection .
. he graduated from the
studied at the
, m.d. , emeritus professor of medicine at tulane university school of medicine , attended medical school at the university of oregon and did an internship at the university of washington . he then studied biochemistry at
was born in seattle , washington in 1946 and moved to santa cruz , california at the age of 1. he attended
is a student at the
is an english novelist whose novels have been nominated for the man booker prize three times . born in freeport , grand bahama island in 1971 , he grew up in yorkshire . he was educated at the historic
. already in early age , he began to compose . then he studied at the
is an american economist . he received his a.b . from yale university in 1972 and his ph.d. from the
was born in beijing in 1952. at the beginning of the cultural revolution , he was sent to rural yunnan for `` rustification , '' but later , in the 1970s , studied economics at renmin university of china . he received a master 's degree from the
was an author , publisher and international lecturer . she taught history and urban studies at
, is an american composer . she studied with alvin etler at
, was the youngest son of persian poet mohammad taghi bahar . he held a phd degree in persian literature and ancient iranian languages from tehran university . he received an ma degree in `` ancient and medieval persian history '' from the
( june 10 , 1912 -- december 25 , 2001 ) was an american artist . she was born in honolulu in 1912. she received her bachelor of arts and master of fine arts degrees from the
and was baptised at worcester on 24 june 1747. he was educated at
was the son of epes sargent ( 1784 -- 1853 ) and hannah dane coffin ( 1787 -- 1819 ) , and was born in gloucester , massachusetts , on september 27 , 1813 , where his father was a ship master . in 1818 the family moved to roxbury , massachusetts . from 1823 to 1829 he attended the
. he is currently the takashima professor of japanese cultural studies at university of california , santa barbara .
was born in madeira , portugal on march 12 , 1923. he was the son of the late jose fernandes and rosa ( teixeira ) fernandes . he came to the united states from madeira when he was only 18 months old . most of his life was spent living in norton , massachusetts . joseph graduated from
was born in new york city on february 25 , 1909 , to harry levi pangborn , an attorney and dictionary editor , and georgia wood pangborn , a noted writer of supernatural fiction . along with his older sister mary , edgar was homeschooled until 1919 and then educated at brooklyn friends school . he began music studies at harvard university in 1924 , when he was still only 15 years old , and left in 1926 without graduating . after that he studied at the
( born november 21 , 1980 , in philadelphia ) is an award winning advertising copywriter , the co-author of several humor books , and a film director . he attended the
graduated from the
studied at
was a frequent guest of
attended the
and at brasenose college , oxford . he entered gray 's inn on 16 february 1608 and later travelled in continental europe in 1626 he was elected member of parliament for worcester . he edited from manuscripts in his father 's library . ( 1640 ) , and wrote a life of alfred the great which was translated into latin and published in 1678. whereas his father was a leading expositor of the idea of an 'ancient constitution ' ,
( born november 1903 , date of death unknown ) graduated in arts from st. xavier college , calcutta . he graduated in law from
was born on january 3 , 1945 , in newport , arkansas , to dewey buffington and nora franklin ( née armstrong ) buffington . tom was the youngest of four boys and as a young boy spent time helping his father put up real estate signs on his properties . tom attended swanee prep academy where he lettered in both football and basketball . from there , tom then went to the
( born 1982 ) is an american fiction writer and author of the novel zoology ( 2007 ) , a coming of age novel mostly set in new york . he was born and raised in chevy chase , maryland . he is the son of lynn and edward dolnick and a nephew of arthur golden , author of memoirs of a geisha . through his mother 's side he is a member of the ochs-sulzberger family , publishers of the new york times . he attended
is one of britain 's leading young entrepreneurs . born in bourton-on-the-water , gloucestershire , in the united kingdom , he graduated with a bachelors of science and honors in business from the
was an american politician and a member of the united states house of representatives for the 4th congressional district of tennessee . he was born on june 20 , 1834 in van buren , tennessee in hardeman county . he completed preparatory studies and graduated from union university in murfreesboro , tennessee in 1854. he was an adjunct professor of mathematics and languages at that institution . he graduated from
's family roots descend from the ulster scots population that settled in belfast . from 1950 to 1956 , morrison , who began to be known as `` van '' during this time , attended
is an american novelist and game writer from northern california . he is a graduate of
( born in singapore , singapore , on february 26 1972 ) is a british/ danish industrial and digital media designer and entrepreneur . nicolas received bachelors degree in fine arts , sculpture from
graduated from
( 1763 -- 1827 ) , banker , of madron , cornwall . henry boase , the son , was educated at
and peterhouse , cambridge . he worked on measure theory , fourier series , differential calculus amongst other fields , and made brilliant and long-lasting contributions to the study of functions of several complex variables . he was the husband of grace chisholm young and father of
was baptized at phillack , cornwall , on 16 february 1575/6 , son of thomas carpenter . it is not certain , however , that he and this richard carpenter were the same person . he matriculated at
's career was based on live-singing at teenage clubs , public events , and as an opening act for other performers . he attended
is a united states farmer , specializing in precision agriculture , remote sensing , and unmanned air vehicles ( uav ) . blair is a graduate of
was born in milwaukee in 1915 to a family of norwegian descent . he was raised in hammond , indiana . he was educated at depauw university , receiving a bachelor 's degree in 1937. he then attended the
( 1865 -- 1916 ) was an anglican bishop in the first decades of the 20th century . farrar was educated at
graduated from pennsylvania 's
and paul motian , but reduced his time in music in 1972 when his son became ill. in 1973 he received a ph.d. in psychotherapy from
, another punk 'd alumnus , though the two are said to be friends . he attended
was born in st. louis , missouri and he graduated from
was the first in her family to graduate from college . she earned an m.b.a. ( 1978 ) and phd ( 1984 ) in business from
is a composite of several colleges and universities located in new york city including columbia university , barnard college , pratt institute , brooklyn college , college of mount saint vincent , hunter college , lehman college , new york university , city college of new york , queens college , union theological seminary , general theological seminary , pace university and fordham university , all of which have been used as filming locations . for filming purposes , nyu is one of the least used locations in the series due to the high cost of filming in the university 's buildings and surrounding area ( one of lennie briscoe 's daughters , julia , was once said to be a film student at nyu , but the show never filmed there ) . the show has shown hudson university on a map of new york city where the real life yeshiva university is located , and a season 20 episode , `` innocence '' , depicted a fictional `` hudson innocence project '' modeled on the real life innocence project at the benjamin n. cardozo school of law at yeshiva university . that same episode also identified executive assistant district attorney michael cutter as a graduate of hudson 's law school , making him the first `` law & order '' eada to have graduated from a fictional law school . s detective elliot stabler , has a daughter ,
for comedy actor - tv . in june 2011 , modern family was nominated for six of the inaugural critics `` choice television awards . the show itself was nominated for `` best comedy series '' while burrell , o'neill , and stonestreet were nominated for `` best supporting actor in a comedy series '' while bowen and vergara are nominated for `` best supporting actress in a comedy series '' . the series won while burrell , o'neill and stonestreet lost their nominated to neil patrick harris of how i met your mother while bowen and vergara lost to busy phillips of cougar town . burrell received another acting nomination for individual achievement in comedy at the
, with whom he appeared in 2008 in neil marshall 's doomsday , and his paternal uncle is the former sudanese prime minister sadiq al-mahdi . he is also descended from muhammad ahmad al-mahdi . he attended
grew up in new orleans , louisiana , where he attended new orleans public schools and tulane university . after his graduation from tulane he worked as a reporter-correspondent for the birmingham news ( birmingham , alabama ) before entering law school at the
is a bilingual television television producer credited with the creation and launch of dozens of television shows in english , spanish and now arabic . she is a graduate of
was the son of thomas williams , from swansea in south wales . nathaniel williams studied at the
was born in rotorua on 22 november 1968. todd mcclay was educated at
in the college football season of 1997 -- 1998. coached by
is one of the recipients of right livelihood award for the year 1991. she received the 1999 m.a . thomas national human rights award from
. after making an unsuccessful bid to join the presentation team of the bbc children 's show blue peter , porter has tended to present family-friendly television programmes , or ones aimed directly at children . this includes the movie chart show , top of the pops , and live & kicking , work for citv , and other programmes such as the big breakfast and
( born january 13 , 1984 ) is a former american football player who most recently played chicago bears of the national football league . he attended
was educated at
was born on march 12 , 1956. he received an associate degree from
. in 2007 , he graduated from
attended
, graduating magna cum laude with an a.b . in 1977 , and earned her ph.d. in urban and regional planning from the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) . she is married to her husband ikemba iweala from umuahia , abia state - and they have four children . the eldest ,
began his performing career during childhood . he went on to study at the
( born september 22 , 1978 in new york , ny ) is a feature film director whose recent debut , fifty pills , premiered at the 2006 tribeca film festival . theo grew up in new canaan , connecticut , and attended new canaan high school where he was an all-state captain of the football team , eagle scout , and active member of the school 's film program . he later graduated from
( march 5 , 1862 - july 5 , 1932 ) , first director of the united states reclamation service , was born in bradford , pennsylvania . he graduated in 1885 from the
of mathematics ( with alfred tarski , kazimierz kuratowski , wacław sierpiński ) . the events of world war ii pushed many of them into exile . such was the case of benoît mandelbrot , whose family left poland when he was still a child . an alumnus of the warsaw school of mathematics was
attended
was born on january 30 , 1953. he is a law professor at stanford university and is well known for using empirical analysis to determine the impact of law and public policy in a wide range of areas , including arguments against the death penalty and racial discrimination by police in their law enforcement efforts . other work by donohue has advocated stronger efforts to stop employment discrimination , to increase school funding , and to regulate private gun ownership more heavily . donohue rejoined the stanford law school faculty in 2010 , and prior to that he was a professor of law at
( september 18 , 1885 -- march 21 , 1951 ) was born at martinsville , virginia . during his childhood , his family moved to roanoke , where he attended roanoke high school . he then entered washington and
and historian of religion . he moved to sweden in 1952. in 1975 he received an honorary doctoral degree from
( b . 17 april 1963 , wegberg , germany ) is a former scotland rugby union rugby player who represented london scottish fc . he is an alumnus of
and annie in oklahoma ! . she then studied for a master 's degree at the
is an alumnus of the delta alpha chapter of the pi kappa alpha fraternity . he graduated from the
is vice president for administration and finance at the city college of new york , a senior college of the city university of new york . prior to that , he served most recently as senior vice president and coo for six and a half years at york college , city university of new york . he received his undergraduate degree in english literature from the city college of new york and mba from the
sun ( born 25 september 1934 in lima ) is a peruvian evangelical minister of the iglesia biblica emmanuel , architect , and a politician ( national restoration ) . he is of chinese descent . he studied at the colegio san andrés (
was born in amsterdam . on 8 january 1936. she was educated at the
( may 11 , 1911-november 1 , 1995 ) was a methodist minister , president of salem college in north carolina from 1976 to 1979 , thirteen years executive director of the danforth foundation before resigning in protest in 1973 , and dean of perkins school of theology ( 1951-1960 ) http : //smu.edu/theology/about/history.html at southern methodist university where in 1952 he successfully led the drive to racially integrate . he was also a ranked tennis player who competed at wimbledon and forest hills . at
in the 2011 -- 12 college basketball season . the blazers ' head coach ,
in the 2010 -- 11 college basketball season . the blazers ' head coach ,
earned a b.a . in english at
was the son of andrew amos . he was educated at
was born in ottawa and grew up in his family 's 50s style diner . his father , philip nihmey , died when he was nine , requiring that he and his four brothers help his mother ( lily monsour : 1914-2003 ) in the family business . john graduated from
currently lives and works in manhattan and is a well-known freelance journalist . she graduated from
attended tilden technical high school , studying engineering , and was awarded the purdue club 's 1942 kizer mvp award in football . he then attended
-- was a student at
attended
and ryszard bakst , and received the master of arts degree with honors . in l971 checinski was awarded a fulbright grant by the u.s. department of state to continue his studies at the
studied at the
was born in thames ditton , surrey , and spent summer holidays on the isle of wight , where she learnt to sail . she was educated at the
was born and raised in turin , italy . after attending liceo classico vincenzo gioberti , he completed a ba in modern literature at the
is a cognitive neuroscience researcher at the university of pennsylvania . she has worked on an unusually wide range of topics ; the citation for her lifetime achievement award from the association for psychological science states that `` her studies on the topics of mental imagery , face recognition , semantic memory , reading , attention , and executive functioning have become classics in the field . '' farah has undergraduate degrees in metallurgy and philosophy from mit , and a doctorate in psychology from harvard university . she has taught at
, who was president of
studied at
in the department of journalism and also at moscow humanitarian university in the department of russian language and literature . since 1995 and to 2007 he lived in canada and attended courses in russian literature at the university of toronto . between the years 1991-1995 he worked as a press reporter in krasnodar and sochi and was the editor of a krasnodar newspaper in tuapse .
( december 22 , 1849 -- 1899 ) was a 19th-century american homeopathic physician and writer . he was an 1873 graduate of the
( born 1951 ) is a contemporary kinetic sculptor and glass artist . harned trained under dale chihuly in the 1970s at the
, laid the basis of the piat - both based on the spigot mortar - and the ayre petard . the hedgehog anti-submarine spigot-mortar was developed from the blacker bombard . a descendent of valentine blacker ( 1778 -- 1823 ) , he was born in cheshire to major latham blacker of the indian army . he was educated at
from 1869 to 1878. his first art exhibition was in 1882 , featuring watercolour illustrations of
on april 3 , 1920. he earned a doctorate in canon and civil law from the
started working on her third album in october 2005 in los angeles . the album was produced by jon brion and dido herself . collaborators include brian eno , questlove , mick fleetwood , rollo armstrong and matt chamberlain . recording sessions were held at london 's abbey road and at jon brion 's home studio in los angeles . during production of the album , dido attended evening classes in music and english at the
attended
( born 1961 ) was a swedish cross country skier who competed from 1986 to 1997. competing in three winter olympics , she earned her best overall finish of sixth in the 4 x 5 km relay at
was born in 1962 and was raised in west des moines , iowa , a suburb of des moines . he graduated from west des moines
in kentfield .
) and at
was raised in mishawaka , indiana to an italian american family ; his father was a fan of clint eastwood , after whom he named his son . mauro attended mishawaka high school where he was team captain and mvp twice in his basketball team . after high school he briefly attended
, architectural and landscape painter and etcher , was born at assens in 1766. he attended the
was born on 7 june 1899 at 15 herbert place in dublin , ireland and was baptized in the nearby st stephen 's church on upper mount street . her parents henry charles cole bowen and florence colley bowen later brought her to bowen 's court at farahy , near kildorrery , county cork where she spent her summers . when her father became mentally ill in 1907 , she and her mother moved to england , eventually settling in hythe . after her mother died in 1912 , bowen was brought up by her aunts . she was educated at
( medical college of virginia ) in 1971. in the late 60s one of his closest friends ( a man , not a woman as depicted in the patch adams film ) was murdered . convinced of the powerful connection between environment and wellness , he believes the health of an individual can not be separated from the health of the family , community , and the world . while working in an adolescent clinic at mcv , in his final year of med school , he met
is an instructor of political science at
was born in boise , idaho on july 8 , 1898. he studied law at the
in 1994 for services to the arts and was made an honorary member of the royal queensland art society in 2001. he was the subject of a book ``
was born in osaka . she studied at the
was born in indianapolis , indiana of parents who had come from small towns in southwestern indiana . he was the first of two children , the only son , born to grover allan millett ( 1884 -- 1953 ) and helen elizabeth ( welch ) millett ( 1886 -- 1968 ) . his father had been a successful businessman in the 1920s , but went bust in the great depression . millett attended indianapolis public schools and was graduated from shortridge high school in 1929. he received a rector scholarship and entered depauw university in greencastle , in , in 1929 and was graduated with highest honors in 1933. widely recognized as a campus leader , he was editor of the school newspaper , phi beta kappa , and president of his fraternity , phi delta theta . after a year traveling around the world , he entered
is an american composer and certified instructor of the schillinger system of musical composition . he studied at boston university , juilliard school of music , berklee school of music , and at
( born 1972 ) is editor of futureofcapitalism.com . he was vice president and managing editor of the new york sun , which was published from 2002 to 2008. previously , he served as washington correspondent and managing editor of the forward and as north american editor of the jerusalem post . he is a graduate of
which falsely claimed mr. ball had received a dishonorable discharge from the
-- president jane asher became president of arthritis care in 2003. she has generously given her time to represent the organisation at a number of events and regularly chairs the annual general meeting . jane is committed to playing an active role in the charity and enjoys having the opportunity to meet people with arthritis and discuss the issues that affect them . in addition to her position with arthritis care , jane is a well known actress , best-selling novelist , businesswoman , and patron and president of a number of other uk charities . in 2001 she received an honorary doctor of laws degree from the
was born in paris , illinois , and studied music in new york city at hunter college of the city university of new york , where she received a bachelor 's degree in music . she received a masters degree from
and his family then moved to madison , wisconsin , where gabe enrolled in
, born 1950 , is an american landscape architect . her background is in the fine arts as well as landscape architecture , and her projects range from private to urban scale . she studied at the
is one of the younger directors of the new austrian cinema . as early as 19 , he made his first long film `` my country in pink '' , an adventurous feature with underground , cult character . he studied ethnology and philosophy at the
was born on 9 july 1930 in a tamil brahmin family to saraswati and dhandapani at nannilam in the then tanjore district ( now tiruvarur district ) , india . he completed his b . sc. , ( zoology ) in 1949 at
( 1867 -- 1950 ) is a california writer best known for her memoir , 920 o’farrell street . levy was also an avid art collector , a girlhood friend of alice b. toklas , and an acquaintance of gertrude stein . she was born into an upper-middle-class jewish family and raised in san francisco . as the first part of her autobiography , 920 o’farrell street chronicles her childhood in an upper-middle-class san francisco neighborhood . additionally , young women such as levy were expected to marry well-off men , which generated additional societal expectations . however , the intellectually inclined levy was hesitant to marry early . instead , she graduated from the
is a conductor , composer , pianist , and vocalist . the oldest of the two stewarts , he did his doctoral studies in choral conducting at the
graduated as bachelor of science at the university of melbourne in 1980. in 1985 he required his ph.d. at the
is an author and academic at dublin city university . she earned a bachelor of arts degree in german from
was born in tokyo , japan in 1971. she attended the prestigious
's tv funhouse cartoons , and the adult swim show squidbillies and is currently a writer on fox 's animated show bob 's burgers . he grew up in north carolina , where he attended the
denominations and the church of the brethren , christian peacemaker teams has consisted to the present ( 2011 ) of volunteers trained in nonviolent action , who are then sent to conflict zones . for its first 16 years , the organization was led by renowned peace activist
was originally a one-room structure . the late judge
is an american politician and the current chairman of the goldwater institute , having held that position since 2000. he was elected to the arizona state senate in 1989 , serving as minority leader from 1991 to 1992 and majority leader from 1993 to 1996. patterson was the author of legislation creating arizona 's charter school system and welfare reform program . until 1998 , he was a practicing physician and president of emergency physicians , inc.. patterson also served as president of the arizona chapter of the american college of emergency physicians . he is a graduate of
was born november 26 , 1831 in honolulu . his father was early missionary doctor dwight baldwin ( 1798 -- 1886 ) , and his mother was charlotte fowler baldwin ( 1805 -- 1873 ) . after a few years living in waimea , the family moved to the island of maui around 1837. from 1841 through 1851 , baldwin attended
was born in new york city on april 25 , 1883 , the son of w. henry harrison and helen ( skidmore ) harrison . he was educated at
, a japanese woman who was raised in costa rica . yamazaki graduated from
. it ran at the king 's head theatre in islington in january and february 2008. she graduated from
, as he was known at least professionally , was the son of william adkins jp of springfield , northampton and his wife harriet ( née dent ) of the manor house , milton , northampton . he was educated at
is a clarinetist , saxophonist and clarinet maker based in richmond hill , ontario , canada . he is widely regarded as one of the world 's foremost makers of custom , hand-built professional clarinets . born in england , fox completed a master 's degree in physics at the
, where brothers greg and raymond ginn were also students , and graduated in 1973. he then studied fine art and painting at the pasadena arts center while working at his father 's bait shop . one of his co-workers at the shop was
and became a famed whig hostess . he was educated at
was born in marion county , west virginia april 13 , 1887. in 1906 , he attended
obtained a bachelor of science from the technion -- israel institute of technology in 1975 , master of science from the
with a third mates license . he attended
was born in dallas , texas on april 3 , 1906. she was a student at
began his higher studies in 1963 when he entered the conservatory of music in puerto rico and he continued at the
taught at the
was born on june 21 , 1991 in seoul , south korea . at a very young age , she had already been exposed to the entertainment industry as she had took part in `` bobobo '' ( the korean version of sesame street ) . at 13 years old , she and girls ' generation 's member , hyoyeon , formed a dance duo called `` little winners '' . videos of little winners have become a popular watch on youtube . min auditioned to be a part of jyp entertainment when she was in the 6th grade . after a year of training , she was sent to the u.s. to train some more as she prepares for a u.s. debut . she went to study at
. he came to england to attend
, a graduate of the
is an american screenplay writer and painter . born in new jersey , he is a graduate of new york university 's
completed his undergraduate studies in industrial management at the
( 1796 -- 1865 ) was an english man of letters . he was the son of john miers lettsom , m.d . ( son of john coakley lettsom ) , by rachel , daughter of william nanson , born 4 february 1796. he passed from eton college to
( born september 20 , 1986 in oxnard , california ) is an american football cornerback for the indianapolis colts , after being selected in the third round of the nfl draft . he played college football at the
received his first honorary degree in 1999 from mount allison university in sackville , new brunswick where he currently serves as chancellor . on july 1 , 2008 , he was appointed by michaëlle jean , governor general of canada as officer of the order of canada , the second grade of the highest civilian honour in canada . he received an honorary doctor of laws degree from the university of manitoba in winnipeg , manitoba in 2001. he received an honorary doctor of journalism degree from ryerson university in toronto in 2005. he received the honorary degree doctor of laws , honoris causa ( ll.d . ) from the
was educated at
the elder and his wife mary wollaston . he was educated at
was born in seoul , south korea . she moved to hawaii at the age of 12 , and then to arizona . she received the 1996 dial award as top female high-school scholar-athlete in the united states . she attended
was born in kota , rajasthan . he did his schooling from saint paul 's senior secondary school , mala road kota , a renowned missionary school for boys . he graduated from the
and dizzy gillespie . he graduated from
is a professor of philosophy at depaul university . he received his ph.d. in philosophy at
, and harriette katherine , daughter of reverend richard hamilton . john lawrence , 2nd baron lawrence , and henry arnold lawrence were his brothers . he was educated at
was born in ashland , kentucky in 1958. in 1981 he received a bachelor of arts degree in graphic design/illustration from
( 26 june 1980 ) is a british actor working in theatre , television and film . he studied at the
was born in raymond , illinois . he received the american pacific theater of war ribbon and the american theater of war ribbon for his naval service during the second world war . in 1949 , he received his bachelor 's degree from
, which played at the
. he was an executive board member of the king county labor council , afl-cio representing the transportation trades . he is an advisory board member of the community alliance for global justice ( cagj ) ( 2001 -- present ) . june 30 , 2001 was proclaimed ``
( born december 15 , 1974 , in winnipeg , manitoba ) is a canadian sports journalist and nhl hall of famer . he is currently a co-host on the team 1040 sports radio alongside former nhler dave tomlinson . price previously worked at mojo sports radio as well as television in saskatoon , sports page in vancouver and three years at tsn anchoring sportscentre from 2001 to 2004 and another stint in 2006. he graduated from the
was born at craven hill , london , england on 10 february 1832. the son of a colonel in the army , he was educated at
is a professor of history at saint xavier university in chicago , illinois . he received his m.a . and ph.d. from saint louis university , and his a.b . from boston university , where he studied under howard zinn . kirstein also attended
peraza ) was born in the city of arecibo to enrique and consuelo arrigoitia . she was an only child and as such would often combat her loneliness by reading books . she came from a distinguished family whose love for education and culture served as her inspiration . she received her primary education at the colegio san felipe de arecibo and her secondary education at the university high school of the
was born on 19 july 1961 at onitsha . he attended
was born in ottawa , ontario in 1979. an only child , nawaz was raised solely by her nova-scotian mother in the ottawa neighbourhood of centretown , in the absence of her indian father . nawaz claims to have begun showing interest in writing fiction as early as the first grade . during her high school years she attended
was educated at
. he is the grandson of noted virologist and naturalist wilbur g. downs . he is a b.a . graduate of
was born in marseille and raised in béziers and montpellier . he studied medicine at the
was born in rotterdam , the second son of hugo de groot and maria van reigersbergen . after his father 's celebrated escape from loevestein castle in 1621 , he followed his parents into exile in paris . because of this loevestein-connection ( the name of the state prison was also used as an epithet by his orangist opponents ) it was later said of him that he was un oeuf pourri , couvé a louvestein and he indeed suffered from a weak constitution all his life . his father personally schooled him , and took care of a broad education . he studied law at
is the chief executive officer and president of centurylink , an s & p 500 integrated communications service provider based out of monroe , louisiana . he earned a bachelor 's degree in accounting in 1974 at
( born january 15 , 1972 ) is an american film director , screenwriter and political activist . he identifies as hapa biracial , born to a chinese american mother and a white american father . he grew up in virginia , hawaii ( where he attended
. she graduated from johns hopkins university , where she studied with richard howard , cynthia macdonald and david st. john . she taught at
( born 1933 ) is an american attorney , politician and judge . cohen graduated from the
was born in yangzhou , jiangsu , in 1959. after finishing high school in yangzhou , wang hui worked for two years as a factory worker before entering college . he completed his undergraduate studies at yangzhou university ( then yangzhou normal college ) , and then graduate studies at nanjing university and the
, jimmie dale gilmore , joe ely , jo harvey allen and jo carol pierce . trained as an architect , he received a b.f.a . from the
has developed a career in public speaking , working and training people in many industries for more than 30 years . joachim de posada holds a bachelors degree in business administration from the
attended the
of stanford-on-teme and his wife anne littleton , daughter of of sir edward littleton . he matriculated at
was born in the borough of the bronx , nyc , in 1909. his parents were middle-class jewish immigrants , and he was the oldest of their three sons . since childhood , greenberg sketched compulsively , until becoming a young adult , when he began to focus on literature . greenberg attended
, farmer and landowner . earle was educated at
( born 1944 ) is an american writer and activist who edits the website the emperor 's new clothes , and has been published in arutz sheva . he graduated from
and målfrid grude flekkøy , who are twins , and himself has a twin brother åsmund . he grew up in trondheim , but when world war ii reached norway in 1940 the family fled to the united states via sweden , the soviet union and japan , returning in 1945. he later finished his secondary education at
, m.d . ( february 10 , 1876 -- march 13 , 1943 ) was a physician and surgeon , a medical school administrator and professor , a researcher , and a hospital administrator . he was graduated from the
( 1824-1905 ) , usually styled e. w. west , was a scholarly english engineer , orientalist , and translator of zoroastrian texts . he was educated at
is a german physicist . he received a phd in physics from the
( 1901-1976 ) , born in chicago , graduated from the
is a professor of classical languages and literatures at the university of chicago . he has made some contributions to scholarship on latin literature , even roman poetics . he has written promised verse : poets in the society of augustan rome ( cambridge , mass. , 1993 ) , for which he won the american philological association 's goodwin award in 1995. he has won some other honors , including the university of chicago 's highly prized quantrell award for excellence in undergraduate teaching . he took his b.a . from
is a professor emeritus ( retired 1998 ) of philosophy , simon fraser university . he is the author or co-author of multiple books and multiple articles on the internet encyclopedia of philosophy . he earned a b.a . in physics from harvard university in 1961 , an m.a . in history and philosophy of science from
was made french legion of honor commander , which represents the third highest of five classes associated with this award . on may 27 , 2007 , eastwood received an honorary doctor of humane letters from the
. she attended
, and anglo-welsh poetry 1480-1980 with raymond garlick . he was born at talybont-on-usk , south-east of brecon in powys , in 1915 and brought up mostly in england and germany . he graduated in history from
in 1911. after two years of graduate work he returned to teaching , mostly in northern california . on june 15 , 1915 ,
completed his primary and secondary education at s.thomas ' college in mount lavinia , sri lanka and completed his higher education at the
. the volkonsky family resettled in moscow in 1947. from 1950 to 1954 he studied at the
, la flor seemed like they had an easy decision and naonka was to go because of her fiery personality . however , discussions turned to brenda , who seemed like a bigger threat ( due to her being seen with chase ) . the tribe seemed divided with naonka , brenda , sash and kelly s. on one side , and
is a sports writer based in chicago . he graduated from the
. he mentioned that both
( died 2003 ) was an american college basketball coach at the
's the seventh cross and lana turner 's marriage is a private affair at metro-goldwyn-mayer studios . his mother was the force behind his early childhood acting . he graduated from the roman catholic-affiliated
graduated magna cum laude from
now lives in los angeles with his wife , lynne , and they have three children . hentemann attended cleveland
graduated from
was educated at
was born in ottawa and grew up in kanata , ontario . he attended
ary joseph swerdzewski ( born april 17 , 1977 ) is a graphic designer from tallahassee , florida . zach graduated from
was born during the great depression in brooklyn , ny and was an only child . his parents were immigrants from poland . from 1956 to 1959 bresky took summer jobs as a comedian , singer and dancer in the borscht belt entertaining hotel guests in the resorts of the catskill mountains with such future stars as jackie mason and steven lawrence . he graduated magna cum laude from
of lapeer . both best and gay attended
( born july 3 , 1987 ) is an argentinean art dealer based in los angeles , california . he is a graduate from both the
( may 4 , 1884-march 2 , 1953 ) , was an american historian , who was a descendant of the american jurist and playwright royall tyler . he was born in quincy , massachusetts and educated at harrow school in england . after a time at
was born on june 2 , 1902 in hampton , virginia . after attending a variety of public schools , he entered fork union military academy and graduated from fuma in 1921. cosby then attended the
has served as mepi 's director . andrews , a graduate of the
( born october 9 , 1986 ) is an american football linebacker for the arizona cardinals . he attended
is the son of database researcher dr. len shapiro and author dr. elayne shapiro . when he was eight years old , he moved with his family to portland , oregon . he attended
from september 1959 to january 1961. she then transferred to the university of chicago and earned three degrees . she got a bachelors of arts in june 1963 then a masters in june 1964 and later a law degree in june 1967. while attending law school , dohrn began working with martin luther king , jr. she was the first law student organizer for the national lawyers guild . she was organizing against the war in vietnam and in conjunction with the black freedom movement . in 1967
( 1928-1991 ) , german classical philologist , was a son of a german parson on the island saaremaa , the largest island of estonia . in 1940 , because of world war ii , the treu family was forced to leave their homeland . kurt treu studied in a gymnasium in hohensalza . as levels were studied by him after the war . he studied classical philology at the
( august 25 , 1922 -- december 7 , 2008 ) was an american illustrator and author . he grew up on long island , new york , attended dartmouth college in new hampshire and then served in the united states navy during world war ii . following the war he attended art school at the
, he was born at ipswich . as a schoolboy he was impressed by the preaching of john rogers at dedham , essex . he matriculated at
was born and raised in seattle , washington , along with his two sisters shelly and star . gossard 's father was an attorney and his mother worked in the city government . gossard learned guitar by playing in the hallways of seattle 's
and his wife dorothy , née bolton . he was educated at
( december 4 , 1937 -- june 12 , 2008 ) born in flint , michigan was a philanthropist who founded the stewart r. mott charitable trust . he was the son of charles stewart mott , and appeared on nixon 's enemies list for his support of liberal causes . he attended the massachusetts institute of technology for three years , and finished his education at
to receive instruction in the subjects of religious philosophy , mathematics and science of horses . while at yale , he attended lectures on electricity from
( 1853-1933 ) was born in boston , massachusetts . after graduation in harvard medical school in 1880 , he followed a 4 year internship in european medical centers during which he invented in 1883 the game halma ( ancient greek for `` jump '' ) derived from the british game hoppity together with the mathematician thomas hill . halma and the derived chinese checkers knew great commercial success in the following years . he also invented a game called basilinda . monks began the practice of surgery in boston in 1884 as he was appointed district physician of the boston dispensary and , later , visiting surgeon to the carney hospital . in 1890 , he entered the
. radio sportscaster
heilperin ( ) was born in warsaw , poland in 1908 to a zionist family . his father , yechiel , was a hebraist educator who raised uriel and his siblings in hebrew . in 1921 , the family immigrated to mandate palestine . uriel changed his last name from heilperin to halperin , then to shelakh . later he used the pseudonym yonatan ratosh in poetic and political writing . he attended the
studied violin at the
( 1921 -- december 6 , 2006 ) is a nazarene christian theologian and former seminary professor primarily associated with the followers of john wesley who are part of the holiness movement . a member of the church of the nazarene , he graduated from the nazarene theological seminary in 1947 and received his phd from the
went to high school at
is an actor from the philippines . born on november 30 , 1970 in san fernando , pampanga , he is the only child of armando tiangco , an enterpreneur , and amelia garcia . early education was at st. scholastica 's academy . in high school he attended
was born in lancaster , pennsylvania , the son of a lutheran minister , rev . benjamin w. and wilhelmina c. ( hingel ) schmauk . he graduated from the university of pennsylvania , ( class of 1883 ) being ordained by the ministerium of pennsylvania in that year . in 1897 , he received the degree of d.d . from
was the second son of john duke coleridge , lord chief justice of england , and jane fortescue seymour , an accomplished artist . his grandfather was nephew to the famous poet samuel taylor coleridge . he was educated at
, who was the founder of the prominent publishing firm that became g. p. putnam 's sons . he studied at
, who also graduated from
in leipzig , and afterwards at the
was born in stamford , connecticut and moved to the bay area when he was nine . he graduated from
( born july 20 , 1962 ) is a south korean mathematician specializing in combinatorics and computational mathematics . he studied physics and mathematical physics at
) . he briefly -- for only one semester -- attended the
family had roots in sussex going back to the norman conquest . william levett himself was educated at
graduated from
is a british actress , most notable for her role as dr young on holby city . raised in witham , essex , nadine is the eldest daughter of tony and sonia lewington . she attended the
and his wife anne somer daughter of richard somer of clifford 's inn . he was educated at
graduated initially from sciences po bordeaux and then from
( who unsuccessfully ran for governor during the 2003 california recall ) , and chris . he attended
is an australian economist and historian of economic thought and is a professor at duke university . de marchi specializes in both teaching and research that pertains to the history of economic ideas and the history of markets , and also the functioning of markets with a specific focus on art markets . his works have appeared in such journals as the journal of economic behavior and organization , the journal of econometrics , the european journal for the history of economic thought , and the art bulletin . he has also contributed to pieces within various books , having written introductions to such works as `` idealization in economics , poznan studies 38 , '' and a biographical entry of john stewart mill for the handbook of economic methodology . de marchi received his ph.d. from
studied agronomics at the
( born 1959 ) was a football player in the canadian football league for nine years . crawford played defensive back for the bc lions and toronto argonauts from 1981-1989. he was a cfl all-star four times and was a part of the lions grey cup championship team in 1985. he played college football at the iowa state university . he is a graduate of
sat through a succession of interviews with the writer christophe penot , who planned to publish them under the title pierre chany , l'homme aux 50 tours de france . chany would have followed his 50th tour in 1996. he attended the
is a jazz pianist , composer and arranger , born in london , united kingdom . he started playing the piano in his late teens with encouragement and the influence of his older brother vocalist cleveland watkiss . trevor initially took up music playing the guitar prompted by his other guitar-playing brother and inspired by the music in he heard at home . later , after hearing the playing of mulgrew miller , julian joseph and donald brown , watkis made the transition to piano . in 1989 he went to study in the usa at
( born october 9 , 1981 ) is an american professional mixed martial artist , who is currently undefeated in mma competition , holding a a record of eight wins and zero losses . puder trained at the
has a sister , zoe , who studied languages at the
was born at moffat , dumfriesshire on 19 october 1846 , the son of archibald stewart . educated at edinburgh university and
in the college election . he pursued ma in history securing first class first position from
received her degree from the faculties of medicine and philosophy of the aristotle university of thessaloniki and continued to postgraduate studies in paediatric surgery in manchester and paris . she received her doctor of philosophy ( ph.d. ) degree from the
is the son of vitali bezrukov , who is also an actor . he graduated from
, joseph conrad and the art of sacrifice ( 2001 ) . he is a graduate of
received his phd degree in philosophy from
. it is a setting of three poems from the collection of poetry chamber music by james joyce , whose work was to be a frequent source for berio . the songs were composed in 1953 , and show the influence of luigi dallapiccola with whom berio had studied in 1952 at the
( 1822 -- 1899 ) was a finnish botanist and entomologist . nylander taught at the
was born on september 9 , 1953 in kaduna , kaduna state . he attended the
, and his sister , sabine lepsius , was also an artist of some note . graef taught at the
( january 27 , 1874 -- april 18 , 1959 ) was a prominent businessman and philanthropist who was particularly active in the central florida area . he earned a medical degree from
( born july 29 , 1939 in christchurch , new zealand ) is a new zealand born american composer . she taught electronic music at
graduated as master of science in electrical engineering and mechanics at the
. in 1969 she received the bundesverdienstkreuz from the federal republic of germany and in 1980 the
( may 23 , 1933 -- may 1 , 2006 ) was a test pilot for nasa . a native of washburn , north dakota , he attended the
, later bishop of carlisle , law was born at greystoke in cumberland , where his father was rector . he was educated at
, she was born in encino , california . garland graduated from
in la porte , texas ,
was 12 years old . hamelin attended
was born september 10 , 1942 in washington , d.c. she received a bs degree in mathematics from the
, born in england , graduated from
, greedy / andrew lansley , / the nhs is not for sale , you grey-haired , '' which has now been viewed over 400,000 times on youtube and which was picked up as one of the theme tunes to the anti cuts movement and spawned several placards at the march for the alternative in march 2011. the video , partly paid for by unison features nxtgen rapping about lansley 's proposed gp commissioning policy , his relation to the expenses scandal and the controversial donation he received from private health company
,
( october 1 , 1876 -- september 22 , 1963 ) a.k.a . net poe was an football player for the
obtained his undergraduate degree from
was born on 3 december 1823 in samokov . he began his training in his native town , samokov , and then continued his education in plovdiv . from an early age he had been helping his father in his icon painting for the plovdiv church of sveta nedelya ( st nedelya ) , thus acquiring early artistic experience . in 1850 dospevski went to moscow , where he started his studies the moscow school of painting , sculpture and architecture , and later from 1853 to 1856 he studied at the
, a student of paul hindemith at
went to graduate school and got his ph.d. from
was born in warrawee , new south wales , on 16 november 1912 , to english parents . she spent much of her childhood travelling between australia , england and india . she attended the
is currently a lawyer at armstrong teasdale . in addition he serves on the board of directors of several private and public companies . he has received a 40 under 40 award from the
was one of the eight children of séamus ryan , a member of seanad éireann and his wife agnes ryan née harding who came from kilfeacle and solohead respectively in county tipperary and who were republican activists during the irish war of independence . they opened a shop in parnell street , dublin in the 1920s which was the first of 36 outlets which were known as `` the monument creameries '' . the family lived at burton hall , near leopardstown racecourse in the dublin suburb of foxrock . her brother was john ryan , a well known artist and man of letters in bohemian dublin of the 1940s and 50 's , who was a friend and benefactor of a number of struggling writers in the post-war era , such as patrick kavanagh . he started and edited a short-lived literary magazine entitled `` envoy '' . among her other siblings were fr . vincent ( séamus ) ( 1930 -- 2005 ) , a benedictine priest at glenstal abbey , sister íde of the convent of the sacred heart , mount anville , dublin , oonagh ( who married the irish artist patrick swift ) , cora who married the politician , seán dunne , t.d . when kathleen was an undergraduate at
is professor of new testament language and literature and editor of the journal of religious thought at the howard university school of divinity . he also serves as chair of the ph.d. program and immediate past chair of the doctor of ministry program . he has been on howard 's faculty since 1981. prior to coming to howard , he taught within the department of biblical studies ( 1978-1981 ) at princeton theological seminary . dr. felder is an ordained methodist minister within the united methodist church . from 1969-1972 , dr. felder worked as the first national director of the united methodist black caucus , then headquartered in atlanta , georgia . in 1990 , he founded the biblical institute of social change ( bisc ) , headquartered in washington , dc . a prolific writer , his publications include true to our native land ( augsburg fortress , may , 2007 ) , the first african american commentary on the new testament ; troubling biblical waters : race , class , and family ( orbis books , 1989 ) -- 16th printing ; and the original african heritage study bible ( winston publishing company , 1993 ) . a world-renowned scholar , he is a sought-after lecturer , consultant and media interviewee . he has appeared in usa today , the washington post , the new york times and ebony , and on bet , pbs and nbc . dr. felder holds a ph.d. and a master of philosophy degree in biblical languages and literature from columbia university in new york ; a master of divinity from union theological seminary in new york ; a diploma of theology from oxford university , mansfield college in england ; a bachelor of arts in philosophy , greek & latin from howard university in washington , dc ; and a diploma from the boston latin school . he maintains dual residences in washington , d.c. and in mobile , alabama , that he shares with his bride , dr. jewell . he is the father of one daughter , miss akidah felder , a graduate of
was born in london , and was admitted a scholar of merchant taylors ' school on 26 april 1591. he proceeded to
, m.d . ( born december 31 , 1936 ) is a u.s. physician , geneticist and molecular biologist . he is considered a pioneer of gene therapy . he graduated from
was educated at the
was educated at the lancaster royal grammar school between 1967 and 1974. after leaving the school , he continued his studies in mathematics at
graduated from the university of tokyo with a ba in 1959 , and subsequently earned an ma in 1961 and a phd in 1964 , also from the university of tokyo . he became an associate professor in the faculty of architecture of the university of tokyo in 1964 and an associate professor at the institute of industrial science at the university of tokyo in 1969. he attended
( born in 1951 , western australia ) , is an australian realist painter . beilby grew up in the perth suburb of mount pleasant . he was educated at
( born january 17 , 1985 in auburn , alabama ) is a major league baseball outfielder for the oakland athletics . miller attended
attended
, london , in 1898 , he became an assistant to
( born 8th april , 1997 ) is a chess player from kolkata , who won the world youth chess championship ( boys ) in 2008 which was held at vietnam . he is a student at the
is a belgian businessman . in 1994 the readers of the weekly business magazine trends chose him to be the manager of the year . he graduated as a master in electrical and mechanical engineering from the
attended
, a 1976 graduate of ludlow high and star hockey player for the high school and springfield olympics , is the current president and general manager of the los angeles kings of the national hockey league . matt trusz , a 2003 graduate of wilbraham & monson academy in wilbraham was also a springfield olympics standout hockey goaltender ; he is currently playing professionally in the east coast hockey league ( echl ) and the eastern professional hockey league ( ephl ) . tom matera , a 1994 graduate of
( 11 april 1941 -- 8 january 2011 ) is an american artist , illustrator , and sculptor . he is known for illustrations in magazines including playboy and fortune and cover art for science fiction books published by bantam and ballantine during the 1960s to 1980s , notably a series of signet paperbacks of robert a. heinlein 's work . born in hamtramck , michigan , szafran studied at the
was born at manchester , new hampshire , on 29 january 1922. at
( born 1922 ) is an american businessman . he received his undergraduate degree from
, his first production venture . mohan , a management graduate from
and esther cooper , he received his b.a . from
, was a well-known methodist minister from stratford , connecticut . he studied at
. stephen herbert langdon ( 1876 may 19 , 1937 ) was an american-born british assyriologist . born to george knowles and abigail hassinger langdon in monroe , michigan , langdon studied at the
( born 1958 ) is a composer who received his early musical training in lviv , ukraine . he graduated from lviv conservatory in 1982 with a diploma in music composition . in 1991 he moved to the united states , where he earned a master 's degree in music composition at the
, an instructor at
of heart and wendy o. williams . after high school she moved to regina where she attended the
studied at the
was born at kahatapitiya in batapola , ambalangoda , ceylon , to a wealthy land-owning family . he received his elementary education at batapola mixed school and secondary education at st john 's college , panadura , richmond college , galle , and ananda college , colombo . he studied for one year at the university college colombo ( now the
graduated from
( august 23 , 1812 -- february 10 , 1892 ) was a professor of natural science at miami university and the college of wooster who served as president pro tem of miami university in 1854. he was born in lisle , new york , and received his a.b . degree from
, ( born 1964 ) is the state senator of the massachusetts state senate for the norfolk and plymouth district . he was educated at
georg and his second wife princess feodora of hohenlohe-langenburg . his father succeeded to the throne in 1866. ernst pursued a career in the army and retired as colonel in the prussian cavalry . he received an honorary doctorate in philosophy from the
and the way thither ( 1866 ) , and the book of
( 1814 -- 1891 ) was an american clergyman and journalist . he was born at cambridge , n. y. , and graduated from union college in 1832. he graduated from
was born in germany as emilian wehrle but changed his name after he immigrated to the us . the names and/or occupations of his parents are unknown . he received a degree in forensic science at
, and received postgraduate training at the university of michigan , university of washington , and the u. s. centers for disease control and prevention . in addition to his professorships at the university of washington , corey is currently principal investigator of the us hiv vaccine trials network and holder of the
, founder of west bromwich albion football club . he was educated at
( 1924 -- 2005 ) was an abstract expressionist painter . she was born and raised in puerto rico , where she studied painting with the spanish painter esteban vicente from 1943 till 1947. she received a b.a . from the
was born in 1889 in india , where his father was a doctor . when the family returned to england dr macklin set up practice in the scilly isles , where young macklin became an enthusiastic and proficient boat handler . he went to plymouth college and then to the university of london . after working for a short time as a deckhand , he continued his education at the
obtained a phd from the
and tracy barnes . he studied history at
( in bulgarian : хари стоянов ) ( 1956 ) , a bulgarian writer , south slavic translator and computer programmer . he lives in varna , bulgaria . stojan graduated from
was educated at the
wrote the children 's books bunnicula and teddy bear 's scrapbook along with her husband james howe in the late 1970s . she died of cancer at age 31 after bunnicula was published . she graduated from
has produced many famous alumni , including science fiction art pioneer and mad magazine illustrator frank kelly freas , illustrator j. howard miller , pulitzer prize winning photographer martha rial , and cartoonist tom wilson . martha rial is one of only two women to win a pulitzer prize in photography , and both are art institute graduates . 1978 graduate mark stutzman created the `` elvis '' postage stamp , the most popular u.s. postage stamp of all time . dame
studied at
of westminster , also a member of parliament and younger son of sir anthony cooke of gidea hall ( essex ) . his mother , frances grey , was first-cousin to lady jane grey and granddaughter to thomas grey , marquess of dorset and anthony browne , viscount montagu . his father had the post of clerk of liveries in the court of wards and arranged for the post to be passed on to his son . cooke was educated at
, holds a fraudulent phd degree from
. he studied sanskrit and asian literature at
( born on february 13 , 1941 ) is the former first lady of tennessee , the wife of governor phil bredesen ( 2003 -- 2011 ) . she is a 1968 graduate of the
md of oxford . he matriculated at
was born in kensington . he graduated from
, ellen , and rob . she attended tabb high school in yorktown , virginia . she then attended
and paul farmer received the union medal from
for her ability to communicate culinary arts to a popular audience . born in new york to cuban immigrants , she moved with her family to their native cuba at the age of 9. she was quite skilled at tossing salad , winning a local competition as a teenager . she studied nutrition at the
was educated at
( born 1959 ) is an american playwright and composer from new york city . by his own claim his work is composed solely of comedies , although the serious core at the heart of many of his plays seems to contradict that claim somewhat . he received a b.a . from
( born may 8 , 1977 ) is a romanian composer . cristian graduated from the
was born in pembrokeshire , west wales , on 9 june 1920. he studied at bridgnorth grammar school in shropshire , and then at
( 1772-1827 ) of elcot park at kintbury and benham park at marsh benham in speen near newbury in berkshire , one of the richest commoners in england . the younger bacon was educated at
received an additional vote at his next
, styled rt hon lord justice girvan ( b . 1948 ) was educated at
was born in manly , a suburb of sydney , on 17 july 1917 , the second child of rupert noel beale , a stock and station agent whose business failed in a drought . his mother was esther anderina green from new zealand . he attended state schools in rural scone and the industrial city of newcastle , and earned an honors diploma in mechanical engineering from sydney technical college . he joined the new south wales department of public works in 1936 , where he saw the irrigation and energy potential of the state 's rivers and developed a passion which was to last a lifetime for water conservation and irrigation . at age 48 he earned a masters of engineering degree from the
received his b.a . in european history from the university of chicago in 1981 and his m.a . in russian language and literature from ohio state university in 1986. from 1982 through 1984 he studied at the
became an american citizen in 2000 and he received a ph.d. in materials science and engineering from
was born in hangzhou , zhejiang province . he first studied applied chemistry at
and first lady betty ford . ford graduated from t. c. williams high school in alexandria , va june 14 , 1974. ford attended
was born in mount jackson , pennsylvania . he attended westminster college in new wilmington , pennsylvania . he served in the american civil war for four years . he attended
he colleted three specimens of the now extinct ash meadows killifish in 1930. in the same year he graduated to bachelor of arts and in 1932 to master of arts at the
( ) was born in boydsville , tennessee , in 1882. he received his undergraduate and master 's degrees from depauw university in indiana and his doctorate from cornell university . he was a distinguished student of the classics and began his academic career at
, who served on the virginia supreme court and as rector of washington & lee university . the younger anderson was a student at
( december 11 , 1808 -- november 30 , 1887 ) was born in botetourt county , virginia . he received his education at first from his mother and then at the school of curtis alderson at ben salem in rockbridge county , virginia . later he attended the fincastle classical school for several years before enrolling in
fields 67 different athletic teams in grades 7-12. brentwood school upper division fields 36 teams in 23 different sports . students fill about 500 roster spots and work with more than 80 coaches . approximately 80 % of brentwood 's students will participate in at least one interscholastic sport . the school primarily employs its own teachers as coaches , and requires that students maintain a certain degree of academic standing in order to participate in sports . brentwood school has a history of hosting the annual special olympics games put on in conjunction with the special olympics southern california westside chapter . in 2003 , brentwood-area resident ( and former governor of california ) arnold schwarzenegger was the guest of honor and presided over the special olympics games ' opening ceremony . since 1992 , the school has also provided venue for the
was born to chaudhry kishori lal kamboj , a renowned personality , in the village of fatehpur in then ambala district of haryana , india which is now a part of yamunanagar . his grandfather chaudhry kundan lal kamboj was also a known social activist in ambala district . he is an alumnus of mukand lal national college . he did his b.a . at
was born in holyoke , massachusetts on january 27 , 1916. he was educated at
. he attended
, writer , was born in philadelphia , pa. he graduated from the university of redlands , with a ba in creative writing and poetry . he went on to receive his mfa in screenwriting and poetry from the
was born in beja . he was the son of antão de gouveia , who had settled there . in 1499 diogo became one of the first portuguese to study in paris , at the collège de montaigu , benefiting from two scholarships offered by jan standonck to king manuel i as compensation for an attack by french privateers on a portuguese ship . he studied at the
was born on november 2 , 1939 in ottawa , illinois . he attended
in chalk farm , camden and st. aloysius rc college in north london . as a youngster
, a graduate of
grew up in the german allgäu . he received his abitur in 1979 in oberstdorf and moved to freiburg to study political science , public finance and roman philology . he received a dr. phil from the
was educated at
( b. august , 1974 ) is a japanese composer . he was born in japan and educated in boston , the hague , and san diego . mr. nakano has been recognized as one of the major voices among asian composers of his generation . his work strives to merge western and eastern musical traditions , and reflects the relationship between beauty , form and imperfection through the formality of music . mr. nakano received his bachelor 's degree in composition with distinction , and master 's degree in composition with academic honors and distinction , pi kappa lambda , from the
is a canadian poet , free-lance editor and critic who was born in biloxi , mississippi and grew up in maple , ontario . connolly has served as an editor for presses such as ecw press , house of anansi press and coach house press . connolly graduated from
is a movie editor of pixar animation studios . he graduated from
was born september 18 , 1951 , in salem , massachusetts . his mother , doris h. ( gelineau ) tierney , was a salem native who worked a split shift at the new england telephone company , where she remained for 42 years . his father , albert r. tierney , was a bookkeeper for nabisco and a local fuel company . tierney was one of three children , along with his brother michael a. and sister catherine . he moved with his family to his grandmother 's home when he was five years old . he began working at the kernwood country club in salem as a caddy when he was eight and soon adopted a paper route . he later attended
dr. nitasha sharma , is an assistant professor of african american studies and asian american studies at northwestern university 's weinberg college of arts and sciences . in her time at northwestern university , sharma has taught classes such as comparative race relations : asian and black relations in the united states , the racial and gender politics of hip hop , and race , crime , and punishment : prisons , the border , and post 9/11 detentions . sharma received her formal education at the
grew up in queensland , australia , initially training in dance with peta norton . in 1994 , as a young ballet dancer , she played one of three aliens in brian trenchard-smith 's film , official denial . she then went on to become involved with acting , singing and the saxophone . upon leaving high school , vivien travelled across the country to nurture her talents at the highly esteemed
( born 14 may 1940 in dunfermline , fife ) is a scottish businessman . his father ( also george ) was an electrical engineer . he was educated at
( born june 30 , 1986 ) is an american football wide receiver who is currently signed to the chicago bears . he signed as an undrafted free agent with the philadelphia eagles in 2010. he played college football at
was born on 24 may 1973 in lviv , ukrainian ssr ( now ukraine ) to ukrainian parents , nina and stepan lyzhychko . she was raised in the lviv oblast ( province ) . encouraged by her mother , ruslana studied from the age of four at an experimental musical school and sang in different bands , including in the vocal-instrumental band horizon , the band orion and the children 's ensemble smile . after finishing secondary school , ruslana entered the
, and vaughan williams obtained for him a teaching post ( 1930 -- 1933 ) at the
( born james michael bogle ) is an accomplished trombonist , pianist , vocalist , composer , and arranger . he attended the
the elder , he was born at warwick in 1753. in 1758 he entered rugby school , of which , at the age of fourteen , he was the head boy . he then studied for three years at birmingham . in november 1768 he was admitted to
( 1923 , caluso -- 1989 , turin ) was an italian entomologist who specialised in auchenorrhyncha . vidano attended the
, later bishop of carlisle , law was born at greystoke in cumberland , where his father was rector . he was educated at charterhouse school and
( born december 31 , 1976 ) is an american model and actress . she was chosen as playboys playmate of the month in september , 2000 and has appeared in numerous playboy videos . she graduated from
, the state university of new york ( suny ) buffalo , and through the 1980s at the university of california , santa cruz . he had been appointed the sheldon h. solow professor of the history of architecture at the institute of fine arts , new york university shortly before his death , but he never taught at the institution . he was also featured in the short documentary
was born on a rural farm in kisii , kenya . she was the fifth of seven children born to priscilla and pastor wilson mamboleo . although her primary education began in kisii , she did not begin to learn english until she moved to kenya 's capital city ( nairobi ) at the age of 9. she attended moi nairobi girls school and graduated number one in her class . as a result of her academic success , dorika earned a scholarship to attend the walthamstow hall school ) , a girl 's boarding school in seven oaks , kent england where she completed her a level education and again graduated number one in her class . dorika attended
began his piano studies at the age of nine and made his public debut at age fourteen . he continued his education at
was educated at the
, jr. was born in indianapolis , indiana on september 7 , 1973 to darryl brent waltz , sr. and geraldine chaney waltz . he is an only child . his father was a senior vice president of an indiana savings and loan . waltz graduated from center grove high school in 1992 as a national merit scholar . at 16 , he became an eagle scout with bronze , silver , and gold palms . after high school , he attended
is professor of international history at the university of the west of england . he gained a ba ( honours ) degree at the university of lancaster in 1970 , an ma history at the university of sussex in 1971 , and his phd at
, a fellow left-hander known as `` stretch '' . he was nicknamed 'booty ' by partner murray . he attended
( born 1970 ) is an american industrial designer and educator . he graduated from cornell university in 1994 with a b.f.a . in sculpture and a b.a . in visual studies . in 1997 he received an m.f.a . in furniture design from the
( born november 3 , 1967 in colby , wisconsin ) is an american football player . he is the fourth son to james and patricia baumgartner . he joined brothers brian , brad , and kevin . another son , keith , was born later . baumgartner attended
is a 1978 graduate of the
is an art director in south indian films . he is a graduate of
( 1967- ) is an american hedge fund manager and the founder hedge fund eton park capital management . mindich began working at goldman sachs after high school , and spent summers at the firm while earning a degree in economics at
( 1557/155818 april 1636 ) was an english judge and politician who sat in the house of commons at various times between 1589 and 1622. caesar was born near tottenham in middlesex , the son of giulio cesare adelmare and his wife margery perient , daughter of george perient of shropshire and hertfordshire . his father was an italian physician to queen mary and queen elizabeth , descended by the female line from the dukes of cesarini . caesar was possibly educated at
is the son of montana lieutenant governor john bohlinger and bette cobetto bohlinger . during high school his parents withdrew him from public school and sent him to the hun school of princeton , where he graduated . bohlinger began his undergraduate studies at the university of montana , quit school after two years to work at a school and orphanage in honduras , then returned to finish his bachelor 's studies at
received his undergraduate degree from the
attended
was born in the philippines . he studied fine arts at the university of the philippines , then moved to los angeles , california in the 1980s , where he studied at the
is an american director , producer and writer . he graduated from the
was born in guadalajara in 1972. he studied visual arts at the
attended mary datchelor girls ' school . she studied at the
, 31 , works in the financial industry . he runs his own financial management firm . he is also a justice of the peace in greenwich , ct. he completed a master of science in applied mathematics and a cum laude bachelor of arts in computer science from harvard university . he is also completing his ph.d. in finance from the university of chicago . he graduated from
has been especially fruitful . in 1991 , his performance in baitz 's play the substance of fire won him the obie , drama desk , lucille lortel , and drama-logue awards for best actor . the following year he performed in baitz 's
and his wife eleanor , oldest daughter of sir gilbert elliot , 3rd baronet . his older brother was george eden , 1st earl of auckland , his uncles were sir robert eden , 1st baronet and morton eden , 1st baron henley . eden was sent to eton college in 1814 and went then to
and his first wife ethel , but spent most of her formative years in brisbane and sydney . wright was of cornish ancestry . after the early death of her mother , she lived with her aunt and then boarded at new england girls ' school after her father 's remarriage in 1929. after graduating , wright studied philosophy , english , psychology and history at the
( march 21 , 1893 -- november 29 , 1939 ) was an austrian-german physician and educator who was born in vienna . he studied medicine at the
in 1931 and came to washington , d.c. with her mother in 1932 , after the death of her father .
was educated at the
, who currently resides in brooklyn , ny . soltero has had several incarnations , including a five-piece band ( with trumpet and rhodes ) and a four-piece band , as well as solo and duo acoustic lineups . the first full-length soltero album , entitled 'science will figure you out , ' was recorded with members of the mobius band and self-released in august 2001. april 2003 saw the release of 'defrocked and kicking the habit ' on handsome records . 'the tongues you have tied , ' an album recorded winter 2003/04 on reel-to-reel 8-track , was put out on three ring records in june 2004. soltero 's 2005 album , 'hell train , ' was the first to prominently feature his live band of three years . it was first self-released in march 2005 , and then released widely by three ring records in november 2005. soltero 's fifth record , 'you 're no dream , ' found howard returning to the solo recording dynamic of earlier work and was released on may 20 , 2008. the band 's sixth album , '1943 , ' was recorded at junxt studio in brooklyn and was selected by french production company microcultures as a featured project . it will be released in late 2011. howard graduated from
was born in the bronx , new york . she graduated from the
, a student at the
was born in jerusalem on january 25 , 1973. he grew up and was educated in jerusalem and in new york city , where he attended the
( born 1938 ) is a cultural anthropologist who specializes in symbolic anthropology . he received a b.a . in medieval history from
( father of andrew stewart ) was born near uniontown , pennsylvania . he graduated from
( born ? ) is an american musician , singer and lead vocalist of the seattle-based band , the myriad . edwardson is a 1997 graduate of
completed his undergraduate studies at notre dame , and then spent two years at the university of iowa writers `` workshop , where he earned his m.f.a.. veeder received his ph.d. from the
was born march 13 , 1800 in great barrington , massachusetts . his father was david hitchcock and mother was sarah swan . he was the oldest son of 11 children . he graduated from
, ph.d. , was born in montgomery county , alabama , usa . she received her bachelors degree from brooklyn college and her ph.d. from the
is the head men 's soccer coach at
was born in leicester , the son of renowned physicist harold hopkins frs , and was educated at the
for the 1986 heisman trophy and holds rushing records during his college career at
, was a king 's counsel , his grandfather , william charles windeyer , was twice attorney-general of new south wales and judge of the supreme court of new south wales , and his great-grandfather , sir richard windeyer , was a barrister and member of the first elected parliament of new south wales , sitting in the new south wales legislative council . windeyer studied at sydney grammar school and later at the
was raised in a family of entrepreneurs and philanthropists , son of marge and les ebeling . he was born in long beach , california and raised in phoenix , arizona where he attended brophy college preparatory . he went onto play basketball for the air force academy , colorado before he transferred to
( born october 2 , 1959 in duluth , minnesota ) is a former professional american football player who played tight end for two seasons for the chicago bears . he is a graduate of
( born february 19 , 1965 in wilmette , illinois ) is an american novelist . he is also the founder and ceo of the new media development , production and finance company thomas greanias entertainment . greanias graduated from
( born 1956 ) is professor of english language and literature at hertford college , oxford . before joining hertford in 1990 , she was a thesis fellow at all souls college , oxford . she has also taught at the
was born in guilin in 1881 and enlisted in one of the new schools for higher education there . later he went to shanghai to study french at the
, a member of one of detroit 's oldest and wealthiest families , bought a packard . impressed by its reliability , he visited the packards and soon enlisted a group of investors -- including truman handy newberry and russell a. alger jr. on october 2 , 1902 , this group refinanced and renamed the new york and ohio automobile company as `` packard motor car company '' , with james as president . alger later served as vice-president . packard moved its automobile operation to detroit soon after , and joy became general manager , later to be chairman of the board . an original packard , reputedly the first manufactured , was donated by a grateful james packard to his alma mater ,
to study theology in rome , where he attended the
is george edwin burnell professor of religious studies ( emeritus ) at stanford university . born in hankow , china , he served in the u.s. navy ( 1943 -- 46 ) , and was awarded a ba in philosophy from occidental college ( 1948 , phi beta kappa ) . after attending princeton theological seminary for one year , he received a b.d . from
and privately with joseph schillinger . during the 1940s , coppola worked under arturo toscanini with the nbc symphony orchestra . then in 1951 , coppola left the orchestra to pursue his dream of composing music . during that time he mostly worked as an orchestra conductor on broadway and elsewhere , working with his son , legendary filmmaker
. he graduated from yale college in 1811. then he studied law at
attended high school at the
( born december 21st 1951 ) is a priest , liturgical theologian , and composer of contemporary catholic music . joncas 's most popular song is `` on eagles ' wings . '' he received an ma in liturgy from the
was born into an eastern european jewish family in vienna . he studied law , philosophy and near eastern studies at the
attended
, 1st baronet ra ( 21 december 1835 -- 7 november 1924 ) was one of the most distinguished english architects of his generation . he is best remembered for his work at oxford for oxford military college as well as the university , notably : the examination schools , most of hertford college ( including the bridge of sighs over new college lane ) , much of brasenose college , a range at trinity college , and the acland nursing home in north oxford . much of his career was devoted to the architecture of education and he worked extensively for various schools , notably giggleswick and his own alma mater
was the assistant of stein rokkan . between 1969 and 1976 , he studied at
was born in los angeles , california . she received both her bachelor 's degree and her master 's degree in fine arts from the
( 1897 -- 1981 ) was an irish-american pathologist from county antrim , ireland . he studied medicine at
. he graduated in 2000 from
. he was educated at
attended the
commanded the spiking party . capt . gronow davis also received the victoria cross for his actions at the
( born april 18 , 1935 ) was an acting president of the university of iowa , serving in 1995. prior to that , he served as provost of the university of iowa from 1993 to 1995. nathan received his b.a . in social relations from
attended
( born 12 october 1951 , jarrow , tyne and wear ) is a british playwright and screenwriter . he was educated at
, was a politician who served five terms as mayor of denver . he received his secondary school education at phillips exeter academy and a b.a . ( magna cum laude ) from harvard university . he received his m.b.a. from
( 1898-1975 ) was an american diplomat . he graduated from the
was born on january 19 , 1965 , and raised in new york city , where he attended the
, 3rd earl of huntly . as a youth , gordon studied at the
in 1931 and a stage in the 1931
was first a student at the
was born on may 1 , 1956 in ithaca , new york , but spent most of his early life in seattle , washington . ( he moved there with his family at age six . ) he attended the
was from ionia , michigan . he studied at
( born constance davies june 20 , 1931 -- june 18 , 1994 ) was an american architect . born in detroit , michigan , abernathy attended
( born 8 march 1988 in palmerston north , new zealand ) is a new zealand netball player . broederlow attended palmerston north girls ' high school before continuing her studies at the
as one of the georgia super lawyers rising stars . in the same year , jezebel magazine recognized parks as an attorney of distinction . in 2007 , she was featured as a top young lawyer in georgia and was on the cover of atlanta magazine 's specialty publication , super lawyers . parks is managing partner for the parks group , p.c. , a boutique law firm that focuses on contract negotiation , civil litigation , and criminal defense . she has served as a legal analyst for nbc and fox news , and she has been on infotainment television programs such as entertainment tonight , celebrity justice , and extra for her handling of several high-profile clients and cases . she is an equestrian . parks graduated from
( born 3 february 1981 in mauritius ) is a scottish rugby union player . he currently plays in the back row as a flanker for edinburgh rugby , who compete in the magners league and heineken cup . cross was educated at
. both emile heskey and gary lineker ( winner of the golden boot ) attended the
was born in cleveland , ohio in 1931 and grew up in east aurora , new york . the family name had been americanized by a swedish ancestor . headline attended
was selected for a scholarship at
was born on august 27 , 1958 , in new haven , connecticut . in 1974 , he moved to west los angeles . here he met and befriended soon-to-be members of the germs , darby crash and pat smear at university high . after graduating from high school , paul went on to study classical music at
is also a graduate of
and his twin david were born on 12 january 1904 , and were the sons of major-general sir llewellyn william atcherley cmg cvo , chief constable of the west riding of yorkshire , and his wife 'nellie ' , eleanor frances ( 1871 -- 1957 ) , daughter of richard mickelthwait jp , of ardsley house , in the valley of deane near barnsley . their father was a grandson of david francis atcherley esq . of marton hall , high sheriff of shropshire , serjeant-at-law , attorney-general of the county palatine of lancaster and county durham . richard atcherley and his brother , first cousins of william empson , attended
, graduate of the
in garland , texas and was a student and a letterman in football . in football , as a junior , he helped his team win the 1999 texas 5a division ii state championship team .
is an advertising film maker based in mumbai , india . he is a graduate of the
( born may 7 , 1962 in cartersville , georgia ) is an american former professional basketball player who was selected by the new york knicks in the 6th round ( 133rd overall ) of the 1984 nba draft . a 6'10 `` forward/center from gardner-webb university , wilkins played in 6 nba seasons . he played for the knicks ( 1984 -- 85 , 1986 -- 87 , 1988 -- 91 ) and philadelphia 76ers ( 1992 -- 93 ) . wilkins graduated from
was a noted chamber musician and performed with all of the country 's leading string quartets , including the juilliard , guarneri , budapest and vermeer quartets . he was a regular guest artist with the lincoln center chamber players , the mostly mozart festival and the chamber music concerts at the 92nd street y in new york . a partial list of his recordings as a chamber musician include the mozart , brahms , weber and coleridge-taylor clarinet quintets , schubert 's shepherd on the rock ( with benita valente and rudolf serkin ) , bruch pieces for clarinet , viola and piano , mozart trio , schumann fairy tales and fantasy pieces , brahms trio , beethoven septet and octet , dvorak serenade , schubert octet , stravinsky 's l'histoire du soldat , mozart serenades in cm and bb ( gran partita ) . as a soloist , he recorded the mozart concerto with the boston symphony orchestra and seiji ozawa conducting . wright taught at the
( 新井素子 , born 1960 in nerima , tokyo ) is a japanese science fiction and fantasy writer . her first novel received an award in 1977 when she was in high school . in 1981 and 1982 she received the seiun award for short fiction . she graduated from
( b . 1960 , celina , ohio ) is a performance artist , actor and printmaker based in new york . she studied at university of california , santa cruz and has a b.f.a . in theater from the california institute of the arts . she also studied at
was born in mount carmel , pennsylvania . he played college football at
( born 14 february 1958 ) is a former australian rules football player and coach . he most recently held the position of coach of the st kilda football club from 2001 -- 2006. he attended
was born january 15 , 1925 in quincy , massachusetts to madeline nostrand and floyd w. nease while his father was president of eastern nazarene college . he earned his ab from brown university and his thb from eastern nazarene college in 1951. he later completed graduate work at
, a graduate of the
( urdu : عائشہ ثناء ) is a pakistani actress who has appeared in film , television , and theatre performances . she graduated from
studied at the
( born 24 june 1960 ) is a norwegian film director , screenwriter and former cinematographer and press photographer . poppe started his career as a photographer for the newspaper verdens gang . he graduated as a cinematographer at the
was born in hiroshima , japan on april 14 , 1971. she says she was interested in the theatre and wanted to be an actor from the time she was in elementary school . she attended
( march 3 , 1912 -- august 14 , 1988 ) was an american educator who served as the 13th president of mount holyoke college from 1957 - 1968. he received his b.a . from amherst college in 1933 , and his ph.d. from the
( born february 17 , 1947 ) was born in twin falls , idaho . he is a republican member of the idaho senate , representing the 24th district since 2010. he is also a council member of at-large . he received his bachelor 's degree from
was born on april 24 , 1980 in the prefecture of kanagawa , japan . he spend his young age in usa , in murrysville , pa until the halfway of high school . after coming to a japanese high school , he started practicing finswimming . he participated japanese national championship of swimming for 5 different disciplines in 1999 , and he won the 5 gold medal at 5 disciplines . after graduation of high school , he entered
was born in district pakpattan , punjab , pakistan . she is the daughter of mian mohammad bakhsh and rubina bakhsh . she has two brothers zeeshan bakhsh who is also a journalist associated with dawn news , lahore and osman bakhsh and sister saima bakhsh . ayesha 's schooling was at st.marry convent school , sahiwal . she studied at
, an ethnic indigenous lawyer , member of the communist party of peru -- red fatherland , and ideological leader of the ethnocacerista movement . ollanta 's mother is elena tasso . he is the brother of antauro humala , now serving a 25 years prison sentence for kidnapping 17 police officers for 3 days and killing 4 of them and professor ulises humala . humala was born in peru and attended the japanese-peruvian school la union in lima . he began his military career in 1982 when he entered the
( born september 8 , 1989 in philadelphia , pennsylvania ) is a french figure skater . he is a three season competitor on the junior grand prix circuit as well as the 2007-2008 french national junior bronze medalist . vaillant holds dual french-american citizenship . he is currently a graduate student at
( january 10 , 1924 -- april 14 , 2004 ) was an american plant physiologist . beevers made major contributions to the understanding of plant metabolism and plant cell biology . beevers widely noted for the discovery of the glyoxylate cycle in seedlings of plants that results in the production of glucose during early seedling growth . he served as president of the american society of plant physiologists . university of california called beevers `` one of the leading plant physiologists of the 20th century '' . beevers was a member of the national academy of sciences and of the american academy of arts and science . beevers received honorary doctorates from
( born february 28 , 1968 in naperville , illinois ) is an american musician . born in naperville , illinois , and raised in nearby downers grove , georgeff is a graduate of the
, a native of starkville , mississippi , was the son of ben katz , sr. , and the former mildred stanley . he graduated from
graduated from
and glenelg in the sanfl , he made his afl debut in 2001 after being selected with pick 20 in the 2000 afl draft . prior to his professional football career he attended sacred heart college , which is one of the most prolific schools in australia in terms of producing australian rules footballers . his all australian brother chad cornes also attended sacred heart college and played for glenelg in the sanfl . they are the sons of south australian football identity
, of the city of london . he matriculated at
( born september 23 , 1950 ) is a retired boxer of armenian descent , who represented the ussr at the summer olympics at the 1976 summer olympics in montreal , canada . there he won the bronze medal in the flyweight division ( -- 54 kg ) , after being defeated in a controversial decision in the semifinals by cuba 's ramón duvalón . he also captured the bronze medal at the inaugural 1974 world championships in havana , cuba . torosyan trained at
, chris offutt grew up in a small former mining community in the appalachian foothills of eastern kentucky . he quit high school to join the army , but failed the physical . he subsequently attended
( born 1940 ) is nortel networks distinguished professor in the department of electrical engineering at the
, would later serve as attorney general of new jersey . he attended
graduated from
. she graduated from
of vinter 's , near maidstone and his wife eliza susanna gaussen , daughter of samuel richard gaussen of brookman 's park , hertfordshire . he was educated at
was the first career coach at michigan state normal . teetzel played end on the 1897 and 1898 michigan wolverines football teams before switching to halfback in 1899. teetzel graduated from the
was born in new york city on april 6 , 1984. his family moved to hollywood , california when he was a child . he had minor roles in some films due to his father 's work in hollywood , including an uncredited role as an altar-boy in face/off . bemis took piano lessons which he credits for the realization that he wanted to make music . in addition , bemis was raised `` in a strong jewish environment , '' which has influenced his music . his maternal grandparents were survivors of the holocaust , which was the inspiration for the song , `` alive with the glory of love . '' bemis attended high school at windward school , a private school in los angeles . he had also attended
attended
( his brother , pete , is currently the senior vice-president of bengals ' player personnel . ) he graduated from
( d. 1631 ) , and grandson of thomas theyer of brockworth , gloucestershire , and was born there in 1597. he entered
graduated from the
( september 18 , 1916 -- april 4 , 2004 ) was an american historian . he was educated at the
graduated with honors from cornell university and received his law degree from the
( born december 13 , 1940 ) is a canadian poet , novelist and playwright . mitchell was raised on a rural farm outside the city of moose jaw , saskatchewan . mitchell began his post-secondary education as a journalism student at ryerson university , toronto . he later attended the
was born in shanghai , china in 1909. shen was educated at yenching university , which was located in beijing . he earned his masters degree in journalism at the
is an american mathematician and the executive director of the american institute of mathematics . his research interests are in number theory , specifically analysis of l-functions and the riemann zeta function . he received his b.s . from
studied at
from salinas , ca with a love for classic rock ; and colin stutz , a 20 year old
has received many honors and awards . she was recognized by the national aboriginal achievement foundation who awarded her the national aboriginal achievement award in winnipeg in march 2002. she received an honorary doctorate from the
served as a metro council member from her election on august 5 , 1999 until her resignation on september 1 , 2006 to become a judge . she ran for re-election unopposed in 2003. amanda mcclendon graduated from vanderbilt university with a bachelor of science degree in 1984. she obtained her j.d . from the
, and became division engineer for all flight test activities in 1957 , and then chief of engineering flight test in 1960. he also was a flight test engineer on the first flight of the lockheed c-130 hercules on 23 august 1954. two years later , his career advanced again with a promotion to chief engineer of research , development and testing . during 1964 , he concentrated on the sr-71 blackbird development with johnson at the lockheed skunk works and worked on aircraft testing projects at the area 51 military base in southern nevada . he was also in charge of the development of the lockheed cl-475 and lockheed xh-51 helicopters . by 1965 , he was vice president and general manager for the lockheed ah-56 cheyenne helicopter program and by 1968 lockheed had made him responsible for all of the company 's rotary wing aircraft programs . from 1964 to 1965 , he attended the
grew up the second of five children in his family . he began to enjoy american football when he visited the cardinals ' training camp for the first time in 1969. in 1974 , bidwill 's father made him one of the team 's ball boys . said bidwill in 2007 : `` i understood at a young age that when you do n't win , there will be criticism . '' michael bidwill earned a bachelor of science degree in finance from
, as chief counsel from 1993 to 1994 , and as special counsel from 1994 to 1998. from 1975 to 1993 , he served as a law professor at saint louis university school of law . he earned his undergraduate degree from
was born in shrewsbury , vermont . he attended the public schools and was graduated from the military academy at rutland , vermont . he moved with his parents to meadville , pennsylvania . he served in a clerk in a law office in kingsbury , new york , in 1834 and 1835. he graduated from
( born 1844 ) , who became a physician , and john thomson lauder ( 1841 -- 1865 ) -- attended the
cm is the current chancellor of
grew up in adelaide . she studied english and german literature at the
( born 15 september 1961 ) is an english actor and voice artist . he has appeared in several tv series , including the fast show , judge john deed , jonathan creek , randall & hopkirk ( deceased ) , jeeves and wooster , black books and the thin blue line . he is also known for portraying police commissioner gillian b. loeb in batman begins and the dark knight . recently he appeared in episodes of the bbc three comedy series two pints of lager and a packet of crisps , and also appeared in the audience of a november 2008 episode of bbc one 's question time . he voiced god and goliath on . mcfarlane attended
and eton college , before graduating at the royal academy of music in london . it is there that he founded his own chamber orchestra from fellow students and began his conducting studies . as a violinist ,
( born charles l. taylor on june 18 , 1957 , hanover , new hampshire ) is an american journalist based in seattle , washington . since late 2010 , he has worked as an editor at the daily herald and heraldnet.com in everett , washington . he was the founding editor of crosscut.com in seattle , worked as managing editor of seattle weekly , and was an editor and reporter at the seattle times and the tri-city herald in kennewick , washington . he attended
is a novelist and historian . she is a graduate of the
( august 28 , 1915 , new haven , connecticut -- october 27 , 1985 , calabasas , california ) was an american writer . he was educated at
( july 30 , 1878 -- march 16 , 1966 ) was an american astronomer who pioneered photoelectric photometry in astronomy . he earned his ph.d at the
attended the storm king school in cornwall on hudson , new york and ricker college in houlton , maine . in 1965 he began a two year tour in the u.s. army , including eight months in combat in the vietnam war for which he was awarded two purple hearts . after his military service he attended and graduated from the
, former chairman of the u.s. securities and exchange commission . he received a b.a . from yale university in 1937 , where he was a member of the skull and bones society . he received an ll.b . from the
( born 1981 in laramie , wyoming ) is a leading american rock crack climber . edl began climbing at the age of 18. while climbing near laramie , wyoming , he completed his bachelor of science in mathematics at the
,
was born in sandwich , illinois . he graduated from
. he had an interest in music from a young age . he began working in new york clubs in the early 1980s and in 1984 was musical director of the play leader of the pack . later he led ``
, worked in the auburn university library system and involved their son in politics at an early age . nancy gibbs would take robert , then known as `` bobby , '' to local league of women voters meetings rather than hire a babysitter , and involved him in `` voter re-identification '' work at the county courthouse . gibbs attended auburn city schools and
( born 8 september 1965 in sheffield , uk ) is a member of the conservative party of the united kingdom . he was chairman of the tory reform group . marshall was educated at
( 15 october 1926 -- 15 february 1981 ) was a german conductor , organist , and harpsichordist . he was born in plauen and studied first in
( born december 4 , 1980 ) is an american basketball player who played collegiately at arizona state university . a 6'10 `` and 225 lb forward , smith attended
was born in hohenhausen , kalletal on 2 december 1920. his father , also named wilhelm , was a master craftsman and house painter and decorator , his mother née tölle . crinius attended the
had been influenced by american papers during his years at
was a graduate of
graduated from
( born august 2 , 1973 , in gottwaldov , czechoslovakia ( now zlín , czech republic ) ) , is a retired czech professional basketball player . he was selected by the charlotte hornets in the 1st round ( 22nd overall ) of the 1995 nba draft . zidek played in 3 nba seasons for the hornets , denver nuggets and seattle supersonics , averaging 3.4 ppg in his nba career . he played collegiately at
, the son of john ( william ? ) lewis , a brewer , was born in richmond , surrey . he matriculated at
was born in san francisco , california , united states in 1921 , the eldest son of sidney myer , who migrated to australia from russia in 1899 , then moved to the united states to make his fortune . sidney myer had divorced his first wife in reno , nevada , but this divorce was not recognised under australian law . his second wife , ( later dame ) merlyn myer , travelled to san francisco for the birth of each of her four children to ensure they would be considered legitimate . the myers returned to australia in 1929 and ken was educated at geelong grammar school , where his strengths were in music , the arts , the classics and languages . his father died at an early age in 1934 , when ken was 13 years of age . he was accepted to oxford university but could not attend due to the outbreak of world war ii . he attended
holds an undergraduate degree from
was educated at
. he attended
( born july 10 , 1953 in barnstable , massachusetts ) is an american soap opera actress . she is a graduate of
. he completed his bachelor degree at the american college of greece , and subsequently studied at the distinguished musicians institute ( git ) , where he was hired as an instructor , after graduating at the top 1 % of his class . he continued his graduate studies in music , at the
, a former
, 1st viscount melbourne and his wife elizabeth , and the brother of william lamb , 2nd viscount melbourne , frederick lamb , 3rd viscount melbourne and emily lamb , lady cowper , he was educated at eton college and
is an american screenwriter and film director . he graduated from the
remained active into his 90 's , continuing to speak at arkansas schools and events , particularly at his first alma mater ,
, a fellow graduate of
was born at brampton bryan in 1638 and educated at st paul 's school and at dorchester , and
from 1894 to 1911 ,
who graduated from
was born in melton mowbray leicestershire , england and grew up in new malden , surrey in the uk where he attended beverley boys school . his earned a ba ( hons ) in ancient world studies in the departments of greek and latin at university college london and his phd in classics at the
, of dromisken , county louth , by martha angel , daughter of samuel meade hobson , a barrister , of muchridge house , county cork . chichester parkinson-fortescue , 1st baron carlingford was his younger brother . he was a descendant of chichester fortescue , of dromisken , whose brother william fortescue was the grandfather of william fortescue , 1st earl of clermont . he was educated at
( born june 29 , 1982 in bountiful , utah ) is an american football linebacker who is currently a free agent . he was originally signed by the seattle seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2007. he played college football at
also grew up on cape cod and spent the weekends skiing in stowe . he is a 1989 graduate of
( august 26 , 1929-june 14 , 2004 ) was an american author , activist , and historian . born in dallas in 1929 , winegarten attended forest avenue high school ( known today as james madison high school ) , receiving a scholarship to attend southern methodist university . she also attended the university of texas at austin , where she received her bachelor 's degree in anthropology in 1950 , and was active in helping to get the first black student admitted to the university of texas law school . she later earned a master 's degree in social work from the
( pma ) in kakul ( located near abbottabad in khyber-pakhtunkhwa , pakistan ) , and of fort bragg , north carolina , united states . after his graduation from pma , he joined the pakistan army 's 15th frontier force regiment as a 2nd lieutenant . his unit was sent to the united states in 1974 , and was trained shoulder-to-shoulder among with united states army special forces . upon his graduation from the special forces school , he was awarded american green beret by his training commander . following his return to pakistan , imam joined the special service group ( ssg ) . in the 1980s , he participated in soviet war in afghanistan , notably the battle for hill 3234 .
was born in lafayette , indiana to thomas cory and carrie stoney . clarence cory 's farther was an inventor and served as a topographer in the union army during the american civil war . in 1889 , clarence cory received a degree of bachelor of mechanical engineering in electrical engineering from
is an american television soap opera script writer . rupel is a graduate of
in talladega , alabama , she reportedly graduated from high school at the age of 14. she became a radio singer on the radio . she attended the
was born in honolulu on june 19 , 1878 when it was the kingdom of hawaii . his father , william richards castle served king david kalākaua as attorney general and later as hawaiian minister to the united states , where he was an active proponent of annexation . his grandfather samuel northrup castle founded agricultural giant castle & cooke corporation . william richards castle , jr. graduated from punahou school and then
studied fine arts at
, a liberal intellectual , novelist , publisher and former supporter of president porfirio díaz . he studied at
is a british actor , notable for work including revengers tragedy ( 2002 ) , ( 2003 ) and ( 2006 ) and the stage play modern dance for beginners . he graduated from the
is a producer perhaps best known for the squigglevision animation technique . his first success with this method was dr. katz , professional therapist . he is also a graduate of
founded the kelly writers house . the group , the writers house planning committee , aimed to create a central space where students of the university of pennsylvania and members of the greater philadelphia writing community could `` organize , promote , and share '' creative writing activities . penn alumnus
received his master 's from southern methodist university , and his doctorate from
attended
graduated from the
was born in fresno , california . he grew up in hanford , california and attended hanford high school . he received a b.a . in economics from the
( august 30 , 1939 -- july 15 , 2008 ) was a lawyer and an architect . he was born in new york into an educationally successful family . his father was a lawyer and his mother was a teacher of english at columbia university . byard graduated from
is a bengali indian exponent of rabindra sangeet and bengali songs . she studied at the
. he graduated from
introduced himself to his son by saying , `` my name is ronald reagan . what 's yours ? '' . he replied , `` i 'm your son , mike . '' `` oh , '' says ronald reagan . `` i did n't recognize you . '' he briefly attended
is an american electrical engineer , an associate professor of electrical engineering at princeton university . fleischer received his ph.d. in 1999 , from the
married eleanor lewis , the daughter of his mentor llew llwyfo , on 11 december 1871 at st. louis , missouri . they had six children . their first child lillian was born in st. louis in 1872. their second child thomas ( always to be known as ''tonzo `` ) was born in rhyl , wales in 1874 and in 1898 married elsie peddie in newark , new jersey , the daughter of republican politician thomas baldwin peddie . their third child , vilda , was born in aberystwyth , wales in 1875 while james was studying at
at the
attended
( november 13 , 1859 -- may 11 , 1924 ) , american author , magazine editor , and publisher , was the founder and first editor of popular mechanics . he was succeeded as editor by his son , henry haven windsor , jr ( 1898-1965 ) . according to a brief biography published by press club of chicago in 1922 , windsor was born in a log cabin near mitchell , iowa , the son of rev . william d. d. windsor and harriet butler ( holmes ) windsor . he attended iowa college ( later known as
played youth soccer for the texas longhorns in dallas , where he was instrumental in seeing the team compete in the u.s. youth soccer finals . later , he attended
was born in south africa to greek parents . from a young age , he started working in his family 's businesses , including his parents jewelry business . he later worked as a dj . levendis soon moved with his family to sydney , australia where he attended
is an american lawyer , law professor , renowned as an expert in united states copyright law . he received an a.b . with distinction and honors in 1977 from stanford university and his j.d . in 1980 from
is a professor of east asian history and international studies and is the director of international studies at soka university of america ( sua ) . previously , he was professor and chair of asian studies at san diego state university . he received his b.a . from
was educated at the
briefly attended the
was born in new york city and raised in philadelphia and kansas city . she graduated from
( born may 23 , 1972 ) is a trumpeter from fullerton , california . blake studied at cal state northridge . he won the international trumpet guild 's mock orchestra audition in 1992 as well as the local dolo coker jazz scholarship and outstanding trumpet player in the pacific coast jazz festival . blake went on to study at the
is a former american football offensive tackle . he is a graduate from
( leander james talbott , jr. ; july 12 , 1887 -- september 16 , 1954 ) was an american track and field athlete , tug of war competitor , and wrestler from kansas city , missouri . he attended the
, the doors and , as alcantara adds , a little mr. big . he was still a student at
story ( 1999 ) is a documentary , directed , filmed , and produced by gough lewis , and edited by co-creator kelly morris , which profiles porn star annabel chong ( real name : grace quek ) . quek , a gender studies student at the
( 1865-1964 ) was born in iowa into a quaker family on august 11 , 1865. she received a ba from
, a confederate general , and after his father died in 1868 , he went to live in edgefield with his uncle martin witherspoon gary . after completing his secondary education in cokesbury , he enrolled at
is an american philosopher . he received his undergraduate degree from
kwok-wing was born in kowloon , hong kong . his birth name was cheung fat-chung ( 張發宗 ) , which was later changed to cheung kwok-wing . cheung was the youngest of ten children in a middle-class hakka family . cheung wut hoi , his father , was a fairly well known tailor , whose customers included the american actors william holden and cary grant . his parents divorced when he was quite young . while in hong kong , cheung attended
was born at the burg hohenbaden in baden-baden on june 6 , 1471 , the second child and eldest son of christopher i , margrave of baden-baden and his wife ottilie of katzenelnbogen . he studied christian theology at the
( 1873-1930 ) was born and raised in california . she attended the
was born in los angeles , california in 1925. as an art student , he attended
, also very active in tennessee politics . taylor received a ph.b . from
was established in 1965. nhs is a part of the columbus city schools system . it is located at 1919 northcliff drive , columbus , ohio , usa . the current principal is duane bland . northland is the home of the vikings . the school colors are green and gold . this school has one of the best marching and symphonic bands in both the district and state . both musician , songwriter and actor dwight yoakam and former nfl football player
was born in the beautiful city of miami . he grew up a product of the cultural diversity of this dynamic city , while attending private schools mostly influenced by latin american families . he earned a degree in advertising and liberal studies from
first read his poem howl there at the famous
was born in chicago , illinois , usa , the son of copy editor martha adelade arnott ( née wood ) and psychologist george peter arnott . he has one brother , michael . mark attended
completed his mfa in cinematic arts at the university of southern california . in 2002 , wright received the louis sudler award in humanities at
( born june 24 , 1961 ) is an english bobsledder who competed from the mid 1980s to the mid 1990s . born in hitchin , hertfordshire , he attended
is an american professor . she was the head of drama at carnegie mellon university , and since june 1 , 2008 has worked as chair of the department of drama at
and laura ( née archer ) . he attended
studied music under walter dyett at
( may 27 , 1902 -- january 26 , 1949 ) was a scottish-american preacher , former pastor of westminster presbyterian church in atlanta , and twice served as chaplain of the united states senate . he is remembered most popularly from the biography a man called peter , and the film made from it . born in coatbridge ( north lanarkshire ) , scotland , marshall heard a strong calling to the ministry at a young age . despite having no money , he nevertheless migrated to new york in 1927 when he was 24. he graduated from
attended the
, a graduate of
earned his journalism degree from
( 1907 -- 1993 ) was an american physical chemist who studied corrosion . he received his b.s . in chemistry from
in gainesville , georgia and was a student and a letterman in football , basketball , and baseball . in football , he was an all-american selection .
( 1800 -- 1855 ) , and mother was rebecca howard ( 1808 -- 1890 ) . they were assigned the mission station called kaluaaha on the eastern end of the island of molokai . he attended
is better known by the name `` the chessmaster '' who spends his days playing chess in harvard square in cambridge , massachusetts . he attended
( born 10 december 1963 , leeds ) , is a british actor , mostly on tv and occasional films . he trained at the
, a fellow graduate of the
graduated from hebrew university of jerusalem and was a nieman fellow at
graduate . the writing staff were , at least initially , divided with respect to mirkin 's leadership ( which forrester described as `` a little bit dictatorial '' ) and style of humor . this division caused the show to move away from more `` realistic '' emotional and character-based stories to `` pure comedy '' and `` surreal '' humor , epitomized by episodes like `` deep space homer '' . a. o. scott notes that `` several veterans recall the 'crazy
. coach o'shea resigned on monday june 23 , 2008 , in order to become the head coach of bryant university in rhode island . coach o'shea had arrived at ohio in 2001 after 4 seasons as an assistant coach at his alma mater ,
( chinese name : , born 1942 ) is professor of modern chinese history at university of california , san diego . he is the holder of the hwei-chih and julia hsiu chair in chinese studies . esherick is a graduate of harvard college ( 1964 , summa cum laude ) . he received his ph.d. from
, `` twice round the black church '' ( 1962 ) . clarke grew up in broadstone , living on middle mountjoy street . both clarke and joyce attended nearby
, where he was active in the cambridge university musical society . there he became friends with
moved to los angeles from oxford university in england , where he had helped to establish ( along with michael price , garret smyth and luigi warren ) the first european cryonics organization , known as mizar limited ( later alcor uk ) , to work on his ph.d. in philosophy at the
, born october 24 , 1954 in durham , nc , is an american composer and pianist . he has received awards from the american academy of arts and letters the koussevitzky music foundation and a guggenheim fellowship . he studied musical composition at
was educated at
, ( born 1944 ) director of the great migration study project , was educated as a biochemist and served in the united states army in electronics intelligence . in 1972 he discovered his early new england ancestry and thereafter devoted his time and energies to genealogical research . he published his first genealogical article in 1976 , and about the same time began to plan for what eventually became the great migration study project . in 1983 he received a master 's degree in colonial american history from the
is associate professor of linguistics and anthropology , as well as director for the program in culture , language , and social practice ( clasp ) , at the university of colorado at boulder . hall received her ph.d. in linguistics in 1995 from the
( kraków academy ) , where he taught as professor between 1498 and 1514. he is the author of numerous works on the subjects of logic , grammar , astronomy , geography , mathematics , music , natural sciences , and ethics .
was born august 22 , 1903. he received his a.b . in 1924 and his a.m. a year later , both from
; attended the westport school of music , and received his b.a . from
was born in rotterdam , new york in 1856. he was educated at northwestern university , graduating in 1875. he then attended
, and published in 2004. caldwell , a princeton university graduate , and thomason , a
for her achievements and influence in music , and her contributions to american and international culture . mix magazine stated that ``
described this tumultuous time in his life in his posthumous work short stories . while erroneously stating that the bellew family left india during the 1857 indian mutiny , he relates that the return voyage to england solidified what would become a life-long love of the sea for bellew . on their return to england , the family first settled in st. johns wood where rev . bellew was assistant minister of st. phillips on regent st. the family moved to hamilton terrace , marylebone in 1857 after john bellew was placed in charge of st. marks . john bellew married emily louisa wilkinson ( née east ) in dublin , ireland on 23 september 1861 and the bellews resided at bedford chapel in bloomsbury from 1862 to 1868. kyrle bellew was educated at the
was born in stege on the island of møn . but later moved to copenhagen . he was educated at the
is a labor and community organizer based out of columbus , ohio . he was involved in the reformation of students for a democratic society . at
received an honorary degree ( doctor of literature ) from
, steamed to korea to participate in the september inchon amphibious assault . rivero 's ship assisted in the transport of u.s. and foreign troops and equipment to and from the korean combat zone . in july 1953 , the ship participated in operation big switch , moving communist north korean prisoners from koje do to inchon pursuant to the armistice agreement . rivero studied at the
was born in muscatine , iowa , then moved to des moines , where he graduated from
, who took private shooting lessons from him early in 1940. after finishing his secondary education at the oslo cathedral school in 1936 , he studied law at the
, a medical student at the
, a medical student at the
, which shares the site in the palazzo brera . the palazzo brera owes its name to the germanic braida , indicating a grassy opening in the city structure : compare the bra of verona . the convent on the site passed to the jesuits ( 1572 ) , then underwent a radical rebuilding by francesco maria richini ( 1627 -- 28 ) . when the jesuits were disbanded in 1773 , the palazzo remained the seat of the astronomical observatory and the library founded by the jesuits . in 1774 were added the herbarium of the new botanical garden . the buildings were extended to designs by
was born in miner county , near howard , south dakota to immigrants peder holvik and eli jonsdatter from nordfjord , norway . holvik attended madison state normal school in madison , south dakota . he graduated from st. olaf college in northfield , minnesota ( ba . 1907 ) . he subsequently studied at the
was born in smith falls , ontario in 1914. he was a graduate of
was born in presque isle , maine , in 1942 ; his father was then an officer in the us army air corps . he grew up in vermont , northeastern kentucky and ( for the longest stretch ) indiana , where he went to high school and college . he moved to new york city after college to make movies , and did find work in documentary films , an occupation he still pursues . he published his first novel ( the deep ) in 1975 , and his 17th volume of fiction ( four freedoms ) in 2009. since 1993 he has taught creative writing at yale university . in 1992 he received the award in literature from the
was born in kristiania in 1922. he was the older brother of mathematician karl egil aubert , born 1924. vilhelm aubert enrolled at the
spent the years 1890-1892 studying arts and medicine at the university of st andrews . he enrolled at the
, who was a surveyor . gray attended
, a london barrister , offspring of an old english county family , and his wife grace , daughter of humphrey millett . short was educated at
. o'conor was educated at
( born 1958 ) is the uci chancellor 's professor of history at the university of california , irvine in the us . he received his b.a . from
of stody , he was educated at gresham 's school , holt , and at
received an honorary doctorate from
and charlotte . he graduated from the
is an american writer and television producer . he attended
was one of the first pianists to offer entire programs of american and northwest music to audiences in seattle , wa and through his the american composer series on public broadcasting service . he attended the
was born in benghazi , the second largest city in libya where he spent his childhood and early teens . in 1979 he emigrated to the united states . he lived in the south for many years , finishing high school in louisiana and completing bachelors degrees in political science and economics at the university of tennessee at chattanooga . he went on to earn an ma in english and an mfa in creative writing from
is an american football coach and former player . he is currently the head football coach at the
, would later serve as u.s. attorney for the district of new jersey . he graduated from the newark academy and received a b.a . degree in 1955 from princeton university . he received his llb degree from
who played college basketball at the
and his wife , anne , daughter of thomas renton , of otley , yorkshire . he studied natural sciences at
and joseph jules dejerine , and in 1907 earned his doctorate from the
was born on 3 april 1944 at odogbolu , ogun state , then western region , nigeria . he was educated at the methodist primary school , lagos , the odogbolu grammar school , and then at the nigerian defence academy , kaduna . he later attended the us army school of infantry , the command and staff college , jaji ( 1980 -- 1981 ) and the national institute for policy and strategic studies , kuru . while serving in the military , diya studied law at ahmadu bello university , zaria , where he obtained an llb degree , and then at the
and nathaniel , with his wife , kim . cassidy was a gymnast at the university of denver from 2003 to 2006. kelsey was a softball player at the
( b.9 october 1948 ) is an american vibraphone player who has worked with various jazz and fusion artists , such as spyro gyra . currently , he plays in an ensemble called the caribbean jazz project , a grammy-winning jazz-latin music group . he is also an alumnus of
was born on 10 february 1968 in khagatua , a village in the upazila of nabinagar under the brahmanbaria district of bangladesh . his father is quazi mongal miah and his mother is sofia begum . he grew up during the bangladesh liberation war , and his literary works reflect the growing of the new nation and a newly born middle class society in dhaka city . his first work of fiction , 71 and , was written based his memories of the bangladesh liberation war . he lost his only paternal uncle mr. suruj quazi in 1971. he studied in many different schools , including govt titumir college . he received a master 's degree in management from the
, became the first overall draft pick of the then-expansion houston texans.carr and his family moved back to bakersfield , california for his senior year and he attended
was born on a farm in epsom , new hampshire , on december 5 , 1826. he was the youngest of five children of deacon f. and lucy l. ( sargent ) sanborn . he was educated at the thetford academy and the pembroke academy . he briefly attended
( born august 3 , 1949 in new york city ) is a professional journalist and attorney . he graduated from wesleyan university , cum laude , with a b.a . in 1971 , and attended the university of north carolina , where he earned a m.a . in communications in 1974. he earned a j.d . from
was born in rahway , new jersey in 1991 , but has lived in the small town of beachwood , new jersey for his entire life . he attended beachwood elementary school , then toms river intermediate school west ( later changed to north ) , and graduated from west in 2005. in 2009 , he graduated from
in cambridge , massachusetts . in 2007 ,
was born in sydney , new south wales , in 1906. he attended his father 's alma mater ,
attended
, a 26-year-old korean doctoral student in computer science at
decided to join the episcopal church and after moving to miami in 1969 , he was confirmed and started to prepare for seminary . he studied theology at the university of the south and received an m.div . in 1977. he also received a b.a . from biscayne college , now
( born 17 april 1977 ) is an english professional footballer , who plays as a striker and is also currently player/manager at arlesey town . he has a degree in sports science and leisure management from the
graduated from the
( , born may 2 , 1954 ) is a chinese dissident . he was a philosophy student at
, who was a graduate of
enlisted in the armed forces during wwii as a psychiatric social worker , stationed on long island , new york and in georgia . after the war , she had access to the g.i . bill of rights , as did many of the war veterans of her generation . charlotte used it to promote her education . she graduated from
from saint wendelin high school , fostoria , ohio in 1985. he earned a bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering from
studied at the university during its brief existence . the teachers from palencia were drawn to the thriving
( d. 1654 ) . his mother was lady mary johnstone , second daughter of james johnstone , 1st earl of hartfell . he was educated at
( july 26 , 1884 -- may 11 , 1958 ) was the 18th president of northwestern university ( 1939 -- 1949 ) and an american scholar of scottish literature . snyder was the son of a congregational minister , peter miles snyder , from connecticut and grew up in rockford , illinois . he received his undergraduate degree from
was born january 22 , 1938 , in boston to irish parents . his mother is credited with having high expectations for him and for correctly presuming that he would attend the prestigious boston latin secondary school . later , he studied political science at
is a young director and producer who won the best documentary award for his 44-minute documentary `` a music fairy : a tribute to nazia hassan '' on pop icon nazia hassan in 2007. the film was screened at the kara film festival . haseeb also directed rock group junoon 's music video rooh ki pyas ( non-commercial ) as a college project . in 2006 haseeb received his masters in multimedia arts from
graduated from kent state in 1973 with his ph.d. in clinical psychology , later that year teaching psychology at
is a graduate of
( born january 10 , 1979 in bettendorf , iowa ) is a medical student at the university of iowa , programmer , and designer/innovator at canthony86 d http : //www.canthony86.com . chris also played six years in arena football league wide receiver/linebacker for the new york dragons . he attended
, cambridge where he graduated as 16th wrangler in 1818 , the year in which
in converse , texas and was a student and a letterman in football and basketball . in football , as a senior , he started as a linebacker and was a first team all-state selection . in basketball , he was an all-district honorable mention selection and an all-city selection .
is a professional football player for the baltimore ravens . he attended
. while in his senior year there , he formed his own orchestra , which debuted at the royal albert hall a few months after he graduated . he then found work as an arranger and conductor for releases by caravan , bryan ferry , ginger baker , johnny nash , three man army , and elton john , as well as for the soundtrack for the film tommy . he also played horn for the spencer davis group early in the decade . he also recorded on his own as the
, earning a bachelor 's degree in music theory and composition , and a master 's degree in applied piano . while an undergraduate in 1967 , and performing under the name
born kristiansand , norway , is a south african ballet dancer . he trained at the
was born in saratoga springs on october 13 , 1961 to constance king murphy , who earned her bachelor 's degree from the college of st. rose and attended albany law school and is an educated but non-practicing attorney , and james a. murphy , jr. of brooklyn , ny , who earned his bachelor 's degree from
of weybridge park , surrey . he was educated at eton and
is a canadian mathematician and computer scientist . he earned his ph.d. from the
( born 1949 ) is a leading u.s. expert on central asia and the caspian . she is a senior associate with the russian and eurasian program at the carnegie endowment for international peace , co-directing the carnegie moscow center 's project on ethnicity and politics in the former soviet union . she taught political science at
was born in charleston , south carolina on july 29 , 1949. having spent his earliest years on folly beach and nearby bowen 's island , barber moved to columbia with his parents at the age of 10. after graduating from columbia high school in 1967 , he attended
. she graduated from
( b . 1968 ) is the british director of bullet boy , for which he was nominated for the douglas hickox award , the line of beauty , and the duchess . he is a graduate of the
( born 1929 ) is the founder of the foundation for shamanic studies and the formulator of `` core shamanism . '' harner is known for bringing shamanism and shamanic healing to the contemporary western world . walsh and grob note in their book , higher wisdom , `` michael harner is widely acknowledged as the world 's foremost authority on shamanism and has had an enormous influence on both the academic and lay worlds ... . what yogananda did for hinduism and d. t. suzuki did for zen , michael harner has done for shamanism , namely bring the tradition and its richness to western awareness . '' harner received a ph.d. in anthropology from the university of california at berkeley in 1963. he taught there and at columbia university , yale university , and the graduate faculty of the new school for social research , where he chaired the anthropology department . he also co-chaired the anthropology section of the new york academy of sciences . in 1987 harner left academic anthropology to devote himself full-time to the preservation , study , and teaching of shamanism as president of the non-profit foundation for shamanic studies . in 2003 he received an honorary doctorate for his work from the
. a native of blaine , ohio , niekro attended
where he began his career in public service . he graduated from
was born to pauline phillips , the founder of dear abby , and morton phillips in 1942. she has a brother , edward `` eddie '' phillips , who is about two years her junior . when she was three years old , her family moved from minnesota to eau claire , wisconsin . phillips attended elementary school at hillsborough , california . for the first two years of secondary education , she attend burlingame high school . after her sophomore year , she transferred to crystal springs uplands school and attended the private school for one year . shortly thereafter , her family moved back to twin cities in minnesota , so her father would be able to take the helm of her feeble grandfather 's liquor-distribution business . for her senior year in high school , she attended
taught at the
was born in brynamman , carmarthenshire in 1942 , the son of reverend gerallt jones , and elizabeth j. griffiths , a welsh teacher . ceredig was educated at
attended
, son of rana phool muhammad khan ( former mpa and minister ) was born on april 20 , 1945 at gumthala garhu , tehsil pehowa , district karnal , . he obtained his early education from d.b . high school , bhai pheroo ( now phool nagar ) . he graduated from
, who was also a student at germany 's
, a coty american fashion critics ' awards winner ( 1947 ) and a notable alumna of the new york art school
( born 1978 , kitchener , ontario ) is a canadian hand percussionist and drummer . he studied at
( born on september 24 , 1988 in miami , florida ) is a professional baseball player currently in the seattle mariners organization . he was drafted in the second round of the 2007 major league baseball draft by the seattle mariners . he attended
in 2006 marked a new era within the football program . wallace 's first head coaching stint came in the gsc when he was the head coach at the
was educated at the
graduated from the
( the lab scenes were actually filmed at the natural history museum in los angeles ) , and later attends the school . the marvel comics superhero daredevil was valedictorian of his class at columbia law school . willie keith , the protagonist in herman wouk 's the caine mutiny , is a columbia student when he signs up for the navy at the beginning of world war ii ; wouk specifically refers to the campus , including buildings such as furnald hall . law & order prosecutor jamie ross ( later a judge on ) attended columbia law . meadow soprano , of the television series the sopranos , attends columbia . michael moscovitz , a character in the the princess diaries series by meg cabot , also attends columbia university . on the nbc sitcom will & grace , both main characters , will truman and grace adler , played by eric mccormack and debra messing , respectively , were columbia graduates . jack shephard ( matthew fox ) from abc 's lost graduated from columbia university medical center .
's footsteps in filmmaking , studied screenwriting at
was educated at the latin and greek gymnasium school in zwolle , the netherlands from 1946 to 1953 , after which he entered the dutch navy in the training program for reserve lieutenant . following a short unsuccessful spell of being a cadet in the dutch naval academy he entered groningen university in the netherlands 1956 as a student in medicine . this not being a career he desired , his parents who were living then in iran , sent him to the american university of beirut , lebanon where he graduated in 1960 with a major in experimental psychology . this enabled him to continue his graduate studies at
was born in oxford , georgia in 1860. he attended elementary school in atlanta before received a bachelor 's and masters degree at emory college in 1881 and 1882 where he was a member of the chi phi fraternity . he later received honorary degrees from
and subsequently practiced medicine until his early death , a suicide in 1874 . (
was highly uninterested in business and very weak in mathematics . he completed his matriculation from st. xaviers school and did his graduation from
where he graduated summa cumme laude in 2003. tolling received denmark 's sankt annae 's award for musical excellence as well as grants from queen margaret , the sonning foundation and the berklee elvin jones award . since graduating from berklee college of music , tolling has toured worldwide with the
is professor of music , chairperson of the music department and director of band studies at indiana university of pennsylvania where he conducts the wind ensemble and teaches courses in graduate conducting . dr. stamp received his bachelor of science in music education degree from iup , a master 's in percussion performance from east carolina university , and a doctor of musical arts degree in conducting from
( born 1974 , detroit , michigan ) is an american clarinetist , international concert artist , michigan state university professor , orchestral and chamber musician . he earned degrees from
was born on december 22 , 1953 to elsie ( née porth ) , who worked as an executive for world book encyclopedia , and ryan shealy , a south carolina politician who served in the state 's house and senate . he was the second of five children . shealy attended
, a private school associated with the university of chicago . after studying classical flute with walfrid kujala of the chicago symphony orchestra as a teenager , he developed a love for the blues harmonica , and hooked up with white , blues-loving , university of chicago physics student
is an australian economist and historian of economic thought and is a professor at duke university . de marchi specializes in both teaching and research that pertains to the history of economic ideas and the history of markets , and also the functioning of markets with a specific focus on art markets . his works have appeared in such journals as the journal of economic behavior and organization , the journal of econometrics , the european journal for the history of economic thought , and the art bulletin . he has also contributed to pieces within various books , having written introductions to such works as `` idealization in economics , poznan studies 38 , '' and a biographical entry of john stewart mill for the handbook of economic methodology . de marchi received his ph.d. from australian national university in 1970 , after completing his b.phil in economics at the university of oxford . he also obtained his b.ec with first-class honors in 1960 from the
was graduated from our lady of the lake college in san antonio , texas , with a bachelor of arts degree in sociology and bilingual education . he continued his education with a master 's degree in bicultural-bilingual studies from the university of texas at san antonio in l977 . he then studied english literature at southwest
attended
was born in columbus junction , iowa on april 9 , 1908. he was educated at the
( born january 3 , 1917 in juvisy-sur-orge , france ; died february 20 , 1992 in marseilles , france ) was a french operatic conductor , composer , and pedagogue . at the
and loretta connery in chicago , illinois . he attended
, was born in dayton , ohio . he received his b.a . from wabash college in 1960 and his ph.d. from
in 1971 , while he was the chief instructor at the
's lectures at the
of `` as the world turns '' won the award for outstanding lead actress in a drama series at the 34th annual daytime emmy awards in los angeles in 2007. dean lombardi , a 1976 graduate of ludlow high and star hockey player for the high school and springfield olympics , is the current president and general manager of the los angeles kings of the national hockey league . matt trusz , a 2003 graduate of wilbraham & monson academy in wilbraham was also a springfield olympics standout hockey goaltender ; he is currently playing professionally in the east coast hockey league ( echl ) and the eastern professional hockey league ( ephl ) . tom matera , a 1994 graduate of
was born in new brunswick , new jersey and raised in new city , new york . neil graduated from
is elena gilbert 's birth mother and a descendant of katherine pierce . when isobel was a teenager she had a relationship with john gilbert , by whom she later had a baby , elena . when isobel was pregnant , john brought her to his brother grayson gilbert , who helped her through labor . after elena 's birth , a heartbroken isobel gave her daughter to grayson and his wife miranda gilbert . it is known that isobel was a cheerleader in high school and was best friends with trudie peterson , whom she later ordered to kill . isobel also attended
graduated from the
( 2 june 1943 -- 6 december 2009 ) was an irish international cricketer . monteith was a right-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox . monteith was educated at the
was born in brooklyn on september 23 , 1906. he graduated from
was born 12 october 1909 in pittsburgh to parents aba and bertha ( halpern ) hershkovitz . he was the second child and only son among four siblings . he reported that his father died when he was nine years old . after graduating from schenley high school in 1927 , he attended the
was born march 3 , 1796 in hartford , connecticut . his father was theodore dwight ( 1764 -- 1846 ) of the new england dwight family . his mother was abigail alsop ( 1765 -- 1846 ) , the sister of richard alsop ( 1761 -- 1815 ) . he graduated from
was born in tilburg and raised in eindhoven in the netherlands . between 1973 and 1979 he studied mass communication ( m.a . ) , economic history ( b.a . ) and political science ( b.a . ) at the radboud university nijmegen . he obtained his phd in communication at
and peter fagan . her children and grandchildren include peter , lisa , michael , david , amelia , mosé , ginevra , benjamin , sarah , and blaze . she received her b.a . from
graduated in archeology and art history from
is an american folk musician and multi-instrumentalist from boston , massachusetts . he plays mostly acoustic string instruments like the mandolin , acoustic guitar , and fiddle . in 1990 , jake began playing with northern lights occasionally . he joined the band full-time in 1992 and was a member until 1999 when he left the band to pursue a solo career . jake attended
received an honorary degree of humane letters from
graduated from
is a professor in the department of near eastern languages and cultures at indiana university in bloomington . she was an associate professor in arabic and islamic studies at the university of notre dame , indiana . she has previously taught at
was born in moscow , but fled the country with his family during the russian revolution . travelling via siberia and china , they arrived in seattle , where alexander graduated from high school . he then attended the
( golitsyn ) , ( moscow , february 28 , 1908 -- san diego , july 26 , 2005 ) oversaw art direction on more than 300 movies . prince alexander golitzen was born in moscow , but fled the country with his family during the russian revolution . travelling via siberia and china , they arrived in seattle , where alexander graduated from high school . he then attended the
is a diplomat who 's lived in russia and works on weapons of mass destruction issues . navarre earned her b.a . in international relations from
graduated from
( born june 23 , 1987 in bozeman , montana ) is a college football quarterback for the montana state bobcats . he attended
has received grants and awards from the national endowment for the arts ( visual fellowship grant , 1984 , 1986 ) , the los angeles county museum of art ( new talent award , 1985 ) , and the j. paul getty museum ( individual artists fellowship , 1995 ) . in 2009 , he received an honorary doctor of arts degree from
( born october 15 , 1968 in milan , tennessee ) is a former american football linebacker . he attended the
graduated from the university of florida with a b.s . in finance . smith earned an mba in marketing and strategy from the
is an american author of literary fiction . he is the author of two novels : fires ( 2006 , impetus press ; re-released in 2011 by civil coping mechanisms ) and midnight picnic ( 2009 , word riot press ) . midnight picnic was set to be published by impetus press , but the small publisher folded under financial pressure in the fall of 2008. word riot press stepped in and the novel was published in 2009. antosca was born in new orleans , louisiana and currently lives in los angeles , california . he is a 2005 graduate of
( née evelyn lederer ) , a hollywood talent agent and actress . she has a stepsister , lindsay russell , an aspiring actress . she attended
began his career in broadcasting while pursuing his college degree in communication arts at the
, an early mayor of new york city , whose brother was johannes de peyster , also mayor . he studied law at
( born march 29 , 1937 in el centro , california , u.s. ) is the charles and mary ferkel professor of chemistry and applied physics , and director , materials and process simulation center at the california institute of technology . he obtained his b.s . from the
alumnus
. his parents gave him the hebrew name `` sholem '' , a yiddish derivation of the hebrew word shalom , which means peace , because he was born on armistice day . from the time he was born , and through his early childhood , his father was the national secretary of the co-operative commonwealth federation ( ccf ) , the predecessor party to the ndp . when his family moved to toronto in 1950 , he attended secondary school first at toronto 's oakwood collegiate , and then his final three years of high school at harbord collegiate institute . in 1956 , he entered the
( born may 23 , 1942 ) is a russian scholar at the institute of oriental studies of the russian academy of sciences in moscow . she graduated from
was born in west germany but was adopted by a couple who lived in palo alto , california . a self-professed poet and musician who briefly studied guitar with robbie basho , ackerman grew up in the san francisco bay area . he attended the northfield mount hermon school and
obtained his college degree at the
( born phoenixville , pennsylvania , 1972 ) is an american artist and sculptor living and working in dallas , texas . he earned a b.f.a . in studio art , painting and drawing , from the school of visual arts ,
( july 25 , 1944 -- may 28 , 2010 ) was a united states poet , experimental prose writer , playwright , essayist , and editor , sometimes grouped in with the language poets , though she felt closely tied to the beat poets . a longtime resident of california 's bay area , she earned an m.a . in english from the
at the breslau university . in 1899 he obtained a chair at the
was born in macon , georgia . he attended the
's live album , stand in the fire , was recorded during five shows he played at
was born the son of colonel c. j. huskinson , who commanded the local territorial army regiment . the younger huskinson attended
is the nickname of steven stanzak ( born january 25 , 1984 ) , a
was named in memory of matt carrington , a 21-year-old
and his wife catherine williamson . the family moved to cheshire and duncan was educated at
( born december 17 , 1947 ) is the ceo of vision critical and the company 's public affairs division , angus reid public opinion . he has been the recipient of a canada council doctoral fellowship , the entrepreneur of the year award for the pacific region in the `` ''services `` category , and was inducted into the marketing hall of legends in 2010. in 1996 he received an honorary ll.d . degree from the
grew up in denmark ; his mother a russian aristocrat and his father was a danish civil engineer . after world war ii he studied at the
, also known as `` commander gujrat '' , son of chaudhry zahoor elahi , was born in 1960 in gujrat . he is a graduate of
four years later he discovered and became passionate about jazz , first concentrating on piano and later , in his teens , focusing on alto saxophone . he attended
was a son of sculptor eugene lanceray ( senior , 1848 -- 1886 ) and yekaterina benois ( daughter of architect nikolay benois ) . father died when nikolay was six ; he and five his siblings were raised by the benois family and lived most of their childhood at grandfather 's saint petersburg place . lanceray completed high school in 1898 and joined the
received his undergraduate education at the
. he graduated from the college of new jersey in 1760 and was licensed to preach in 1764. a conscientious and eloquent minister , he became pastor of the old south church in boston in 1766. in 1767 , at the age of twenty-six , he was offered the presidency of the college of new jersey ( now princeton university ) but voluntarily stepped aside when john witherspoon ( later a signatory of the declaration of independence ) became available . blair remained at the old south church until 1769 , when he resigned his charge because of ill health . he then made his residence at germantown , pennsylvania , where he devoted the rest of his life to study . in 1790 he earned the degree of doctor of divinity from the
( born april 7 , 1984 ) is a canadian country musician . he is the lead singer of the chris henderson band which formed in 2007. he was born in estevan , saskatchewan , where he grew up . his debut album , follow the signs , was released across canada on september 28 , 2008. chris attended the
was born at chester in north-west england . following the death of his father at an early age , however , the family returned to its roots in belfast . he was educated at the
is an irish journalist for the guardian . born in dublin , carroll is a graduate of
( born december 17 , 1944 ) is a sportscaster and former american football player and coach . gottfried is currently a college football color analyst and color commentator for espn . he served as the head football coach at murray state university ( 1978 -- 1980 ) , the university of cincinnati ( 1981 -- 1982 ) , the university of kansas ( 1983 -- 1985 ) , and the university of pittsburgh ( 1986 -- 1989 ) , compiling a career college football record of 76 -- 55 -- 4. gottfried played college football at
entertain a coaching offer from notre dame after bob davie announced resignation as irish head coach . o'leary was eventually awarded the position , but it was revoked shortly thereafter when notre dame discovered that o'leary had fabricated several aspects of his resume . he claimed to have played three years for the university of new hampshire and to have attained a master 's degree from
began his studies under earl staley at the
was an american football running back who played at the
was born at village babla in bharatpur thana of murshidabad , bengal ( now in india ) and migrated to bangladesh ( the then east pakistan ) in 1948. barkat was the son of shamsuddin . he passed his matriculation from talibpur high school in 1945 and passed the intermediate from the berhampore krishnath college in 1947 , as a student of the university of calcutta . he came to east bengal after the partition of india in 1948 , and resided at his uncle 's house named `` bishnupria bhaban '' . in the same year he got admitted to dhaka university to study political science . he received his honors in 1951 where he stood fourth in the second class . he was a masters student of the
, born at strathearn in clydesdale , in 1738 , received bis first instruction at the
was born on 28 november 1959 , in dist . kolhapur , maharashtra , in 1975 , while studying in xth standard , he wrote his first short story `` kayada '' ( law ) , about the misery of women in rural areas , sent it for a short story competition and came out third in maharashtra state he graduated in english literature from new college , kolhapur , went on to do his master 's , again in english literature from
( 1899 -- 1974 ) was a new zealand surgeon , medical reformer , writer , and university chancellor . he was educated at the
football team represents vanderbilt university during the 2011 ncaa division i fbs football season . the commodores played their seven home games at vanderbilt stadium at dudley field in nashville , tennessee , which has been vanderbilt football 's home stadium since 1922. the team 's head coach is
matriculated at
studied with professor ronald farren-price at university of melbourne , from 1995 until 2004 when he graduated with honours . between 2003 and 2005 he attended the
is an award-winning director , writer and producer . he is a graduate of
was educated in the united-states and in europe . he graduated from
who devised his own unique method of bulldogging steers . he jumped from his horse to a steer 's back , bit its upper lip , and threw it to the ground by grabbing its horns . he performed at local central texas fairs and rodeos and was discovered by an agent , who signed him on a tour of the west with his brothers . he received sensational national publicity with his bulldogging exhibition at the 1904
is a photographer living in utah . he received his bachelor of fine arts degree from
, obe , td , dl ( 28 august 1909 -- 15 june 2003 ) . born in calcutta , he was educated at
was one of the founders of the quaker oats company . he was educated at princeton university , graduating with a b.a . in 1937. he then attended
attended
is an actor , writer , and director from columbia , maryland . jason received his ba from the
enrolled as a full-time student at
and his second wife , ellen l. barnes day . luther day was a judge on the ohio supreme court at that time . he attended public schools , and graduated from western reserve academy at hudson , ohio in 1884. he attended the
( dec. 13 , 1903 -- apr 11 , 1968 ) was a college lacrosse player and coach . he served as the head lacrosse coach at his alma mater ,
( richard benjamin ) is a highly intelligent , working class army veteran and graduate of
. neil is an intelligent graduate of
was born in scotland , the son of a coal miner . he obtained degrees from
april 19 , 1975 in warsaw ) , also known as adam the first sinner - polish musician , vocalist , composer and multi-instrumentalist . he graduated in psychology at the
attended
is a canadian cultural theorist and political philosopher as well as a practicing artist in the areas of dance , fabric design , and interactive installation . manning 's research spans the fields of art , political theory , and philosophy . she received her ph.d in political philosophy from
( born in genova , italy , in 1961 ) is a professor of physics , and a member of the center for cosmology and particle physics , at new york university . he graduated from the
was born in 1963. he graduated from
is an american academic , translator and author specializing in arabic literature and culture . he studied at the
and dorothy lanier engledow , she moved to new york city to pursue an acting career in 1967 where she attended
is professor emeritus in the henry m. jackson school of international studies at the university of washington . webb holds a ph.d. , in comparative literature from columbia university ( 1965 ) , an m.a . in english literature from columbia university ( 1962 ) and also a b.a. , in philosophy from the
( born 1974 ) is a british contemporary artist . he trained at the
, who was first elected in 2000. both carney and mobley have backgrounds in education , carney as a basketball coach in area public schools , and mobley at campbellsville university in campbellsville , where he supervised theatre arts for more than two decades . a native of the yuma/speck ridge community , carney is the son of june gabehart carney and the late don carney of elk horn . his maternal grandparents were the late w.j . `` bug '' gabehart and the former irene eastridge of casey creek . his paternal grandparents were stanley , jr. , and christine carney of columbia , the seat of adair county . carney attended elementary school at knifley and then graduated from taylor county high school in campbellsville . in 1991 , he received a bachelor of arts degree in history from
, born on 9 february 1947 in berkeley , california , received two bas ( from
and older brother of academy award-nominated actor paul giamatti . he attended the foote school , hopkins school , bowdoin college in brunswick , maine , where he was a member of delta kappa epsilon fraternity , and finally yale university in new haven , connecticut . he is a graduate of the
& associates , working with clients including the institute of international education , the colorado children 's campaign and up with people , focusing on education-related projects . she also taught political science part-time at
was born in dolla , co tipperary , ireland in 1917. having attended mount saint joseph college in roscrea , he entered
was born in daytona beach , florida in 1946. he attended
was born in edinburgh , the grandson of alexander monro tertius , professor of anatomy at the university of edinburgh , whose own father , alexander monro secondus ( 1733 -- 1817 ) , and grandfather , alexander monro primus ( 1697 -- 1767 ) , had both filled the same position . david monro was educated at the
( born may 25 , 1974 in new delhi ) is an indian economist . he is currently an assistant professor in the planning unit at the indian statistical institute , new delhi and the sir ratan tata senior research fellow at the institute of economiv growth , delhi . abhiroop received his doctorate from
in june 2004. he earned all-broward honors from the miami herald and team mvp his senior season . he attended
was raised in the minneapolis -- saint paul area . after high school , he attended
was born on 2 february 1825 in london . he was educated at the
and served there until being appointed to the court of appeal by the same governor in 1990. he received a b.s . from
grew up in tehran . showing an early interest in humanities , he attended the seminary of islamic studies which gained him the traditional degree of ijtihad , the highest level in islamic religious and theological learning . concurrently , he attended the
. after graduating from high school , she studied at new york university 's ( nyu )
( born march 18 , 1968 in hollywood , california ) is co-founder and cto of powerset . pell received his bachelor of science degree in symbolic systems from
graduated from the
was born in vallejo , california in 1938 , to a filipino father and a half-black , half-filipino mother . his mother was a fan of big band music ( especially count basie and duke ellington ) , and introduced him to jazz at an early age . he grew up listening to former kjaz owner pat henry ( broadcasting at that time on krow in san francisco ) ; and to jerry dean , who hosted a weekly kjaz show from vallejo . contributing his voice as an announcer for road bands while still in his teens , bob played tenor and soprano saxophones , as well as flute for his high school band . he graduated from
obtained a master 's degree in philosophy from
received his commission from the
, graduated from
( november 26 , 1921 -- september 5 , 2009 ) was an american professional football head coach for the san diego chargers from 1969 , the last season of the american football league , to 1970 , the first season of the merged national football league . his total coaching record at the end of his career was 9 wins , 7 losses and 3 ties . waller was offensive backfield coach and took over for chargers head coach sid gillman on november 14 , 1969 after gillman 's resignation due to poor health , gilman remained as general manager . after gillman 's health improved he was named charger head coach on december 30 , 1970 and waller offensive coach . he is a 1942 graduate of
is a radical theologian best known for his theological works on the being of god and as an interpreter of paul tillich . scharlemann taught at the
is a computer scientist , working as a senior researcher at yahoo ! research . he studied physics and computer science at the
; nasheet is a new york native who has been active on the jazz scene since early in his life . before pursuing a music career , he studied psychology and history at
was a european-born american rabbi who served congregations in the reform judaism movement in the late 19th century . he obtained the pulpit in 1874 at
recently did his first live concert at
, who later became pastor of the fifth avenue presbyterian church in new york city . because he was a teenager when the family came to the united states in 1868 , he continued to speak english with an irish accent . in 1875 he was graduated from princeton university ( where he rowed crew ) , and he received his law degree from
( 1909-2002 ) was born in denver , co but grew up in pasadena , ca . he completed his b.a . and m.a . degrees at
attended
taught at the university of newcastle upon tyne where she met richard hamilton , whom she later married . she also taught at the
was born in philadelphia , pennsylvania , to joseph f. martino , sr. , and his wife eleanor devlin . he has a sister , eleanor . he studied at
of justice town in the parish of kirklinton , near carlisle , and younger brother of george warter story . after being educated at the carlisle grammar school , and acquiring skill in fencing and music , story read law under dr. richard gilpin at
formed the church of god in christ ( cogic ) after his baptist church expelled him . mason was a member of the holiness movement of the late 19th century . in 1906 , he attended the
and the hindu metropolitan college , and at an early age devoted himself to journalism . in 1861 he was appointed assistant secretary ( and afterwards secretary ) to the british indian association , a board of bengal landlords , which numbered among its members some of the most cultured men of the day . at about the same time he became editor of the hindu patriot , originally started in 1853 and conducted with ability and zeal by harish chandra mukherjee until his death in 1861. this journal having been transferred by a trust deed to some members of the british indian association , it henceforth became to some extent an organ of that body . thus
, the attorney-general and minister for external affairs under prime minister joseph lyons , was particularly opposed to ratifying the statute , because he thought it would weaken military and political ties with the united kingdom . latham had attended both the
( b.1975 akron , ohio ) is an american painter who lives and works in long island city , new york . hesidence received his bfa from the
( 27 years old ) is from scottsdale , az and is a fitness instructor . his official profile states he is `` charismatic , self confident and driven '' . he played basketball at the
was born in vienna , austria in 1896. he immigrated to the united states at an early age . margulies studied at the
( born 1978 ) is an american mixed media artist . he was born in minneapolis , minnesota and grew up mainly in the southwest suburb of hopkins , where he graduated from
( 1909 -- 1997 ) was born in russia and immigrated to the us as a child . he attended the university of california , berkeley as an undergrad and did his graduate studies at the
attended houston 's high school for the performing and visual arts ( hspva ) , after which he studied under the direction of photographer george krause at the university of houston . mcbride moved to the east village neighborhood of new york city in 1986 at the age of nineteen and began his photographic career by assisting numerous commercial photographers on shoots in the united states and europe . he also took courses at the school of visual arts and , later , attended
at the
studied fine arts at the
is in her first season as an assistant coach on the wisconsin women 's basketball staff . bond comes to wisconsin after serving as the director of operations for the university of arizona women 's basketball program for the last three seasons . bond joined the arizona staff for the 2008-09 season after spending the previous season as an assistant coach at the
( january 31 , 1845 -- 1925 ) was an american teacher , born in harrisburg , pennsylvania . he was educated at hobart college , and in 1876 , he became master in natural sciences at his alma mater ,
( born 1952 ) is an english actor in film , radio , stage and television . he was born in balham , south london and grew up in york . there he attended
was born in steubenville , ohio , in the late summer of 1824. his father was a prominent physician who had been a military surgeon during the war of 1812. he was educated in the local schools began his college studies at
attended jesuit-run
and served in the canadian army in world war i. fogo was called to the nova scotia bar in 1924 and practised law in halifax . he married helen louise fisher in 1927. fogo was a vice-president and director for algoma steel . while making a name for himself in corporate law , he was also active in the liberal party , where he became a protégé of william lyon mackenzie king . he was appointed co-chairman of the third national convention of the liberal party in 1948. reporting this appointment , time magazine characterized him as `` a reliable worker behind the scenes , whose political gift is to stop bootless quarreling and secure quiet settlements '' . fogo was summoned to the canadian senate in 1949 , and represented the senatorial division of carleton , ontario . impressed by his relative youth and energy a contemporary newspaper editorialized , `` what the senate needs is fewer old fogeys and more young fogos ! '' nevertheless , he died in office in la malbaie , quebec just three years later , in 1952. fogo was survived by his wife ( b . 1900 ) and two children . his legacy is perpetuated by two awards at dalhousie university , the j .
received his phd degree in economics from
and pete townshend received the classic album award for quadrophenia from the
began making and teaching animation in yvonne anderson 's famed yellow ball workshop . amy went on to obtain a b.a . in social anthropology from
( born september 21 , 1990 ) is an american college basketball player and student athlete at
( ) is an indian film composer in the tamil film industry . he made his debut as a music director for the upcoming tamil film , 3 directed by aishwarya dhanush . he is an alumnus of
where he was a member of the kappa alpha society , then earned a b.a . from queen 's university in 1968. in 1969 , he began his diplomatic career as a foreign service officer in the department of external affairs . throughout the 1970s he held various postings in ottawa , paris , and at un headquarters in new york . during his thirty-eight year career in public service , fowler was the foreign policy advisor to prime ministers trudeau , turner and mulroney ; deputy minister of national defence ; canada 's longest serving ambassador to the united nations . while at the un , he represented canada on the security council in 1999 and 2000 and issued two ground-breaking reports on sanctions-busting in angola , which cut off unita 's access to the arms bazaar and led to the end of the civil war which had ravaged angola for 25 years . he was also ambassador to italy and the three rome-based un food agencies ; sherpa for the kananaskis g8 summit ( for which he chaired the creation of the africa action plan ) ; and the personal representative for africa of prime ministers chrétien , martin and harper .
is a graduate of st. mel 's high school in chicago . he graduated from
graduated from
( son of alexander ogle and uncle of andrew jackson ogle ) was born in somerset , pennsylvania . he studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1822 and commenced practice in somerset . he served on the common pleas bench for lancaster county . he graduated from
enrolled at the
is an american screen writer and film producer , best known for hoosiers and rudy . pizzo grew up in bloomington , indiana , the son of a sicilian immigrant , and attended
is a management and political science student at
( born in london , october , 1969 ) is an english writer , consultant , guru and researcher specialising in innovation strategy , leadership and culture . he has written four books and conducts research with
received a bachelor 's degree in geology and meteorology from
is an award winning film composer , sound designer and saxophonist . he studied music at the
studied humanities and arts at the
studied medicine at the
, a well-known provincial shakespearean actor who helped holm train for admission to the
was born on april 2 , 1826 to rudolph heinrich meyer and christine ludewike sengevald . they lived in the hanse district of hamburg , germany on the estuary of the elbe river in schleswig-holstein , about northwest of berlin . meyer graduated from the local
, born in 1958 in birmingham , is an actor who has appeared regularly in british television drama since the late 1980s . he trained at
, a famous lawyer , and henrietta seneviratne . he was the youngest out of five children , three boys and two girls , charles edgar corea , james alfred ernest corea , agnes corea and evangeline corea . this family was acknowledged to be one of the wealthiest families in the whole of ceylon . victor 's family was severely affected when charles edward bandaranaike corea died in 1872 , leaving five children of whom the youngest , victor corea , was only one year old . the five young children depended on their young , widowed 21-year-old mother to look after them . he attended the prestigious
is a 6'10 `` american basketball player currently playing basketball professionally in europe . he played his college ball for tom izzo at
graduate
is an american evolutionary ecologist , and distinguished professor of biology at the university of utah . his work has appeared in leading scientific journals such as nature , science , genetics , molecular biology and evolution , journal of evolutionary biology , as well as popular magazines such as scientific american . dr. seger attended uc santa barbara for his undergraduate studies , where he received a b.a . in english , and
. ironically , linebacker
was born in lachute , quebec , on september 16 , 1890. his early days were spent in the brockville area , where he was educated at
married the artist julian trevelyan . she went on to teach painting at the royal college of art from 1958 to 1964 , the first woman tutor to teach in the painting school . her pupils included david hockney and allen jones . she subsequently taught at the
( born 1956 ) was an american cross country skier who competed from 1988 to 1993. competing in two winter olympics , she had her best career finish of eighth in the 4 x 5 km relay at
is a jamaican scientist who has done extensive work in diabetes and is president of the university of technology , jamaica . he has a medical degree from the royal
( 23 november 1697 -- 14 october 1771 ) was an english baptist pastor , biblical scholar , and theologian who held to a firm calvinistic soteriology . born in kettering , northamptonshire , he attended
grew up in havertown , pennsylvania , and despite not playing lacrosse in high school , timchal went on to play on the lacrosse team at west chester university . while at west chester , timchal was also a member of the tennis and track and field teams . after graduating college , timchal got her first coaching job at
( born in 1971 in toronto , canada ) is one of canada 's most high-profile anti-globalization and social justice activists . he is an anarchist . singh lives in montreal where he works with groups such as solidarity across borders ( a local migrant-rights organization ) and the no one is illegal collective , among others . singh graduated from
attended the
attended
of emile jacques-dalcroze throughout her childhood and young adult life . at the age of 28 , she saw the german expressionist mary wigman perform , and decided to continue her dance career at the wigman school in dresden where she soon became a member of the company . mary wigman and
is mentioned in 1735 re two matches . he played in a single wicket match on monday , 11 august 1735 for four of london against three of london at
attended
was born in stockbridge , massachusetts . he graduated in 1824 from
was born in ljubljana . he studied at both faculty of economics and faculty of arts of the university of ljubljana . he also studied at
( april 23 , 1858 -- november 1 , 1908 ) was a united states army officer who received the u.s. military 's highest decoration , the medal of honor . he graduated from the
received a bfa in sculpture and media/performing arts from
( born 20 august 1960 ) is an author from toomebridge , county antrim in northern ireland . she was educated at
is a reader at the university of cambridge computer laboratory . he is a fellow of
( june 21 , 1977 ) is an american film and television actress . she held the miss united states teen title in 1994. tara attended
was the personal physician of king william iii of england . bidloo studied medicine at
studied business administration with main focus on marketing at
at stanford university from 1997 -- 2000 , with a fellowship from the program in mathematics and molecular biology ( funded by the nsf and the burroughs wellcome fund ) . he received his undergraduate degrees in computing science and genetics from
, head basketball coach at monmouth university , attended
( december 22 , 1882 november 8 , 1987 ) was a historian , author and teacher . he was born in rover , arkansas on december 22 , 1882. ballenger received a bachelor of arts degree from ouachita baptist college in 1905 and began teaching in mountain home , arkansas . he quickly transitioned from teaching to school administration in loco , oklahoma and magnum , oklahoma . after this time , ballenger attended the university of chicago to earn a second ba , and where he would eventually also earn a masters degree in history . in 1918 , he married mildred josephine parks , a member of the cherokee nation , with whom he had one son , tom jr. due in part to his marriage to parks , ballenger focused his further studies in cherokee history while receiving his doctorate from the
received his mfa from the
on the upper west side as well . he is the grandson of billionaire and former us secretary of commerce
week was proclaimed in berkeley , california , and an elizabeth catlett day in cleveland , ohio . she is an honorary citizen of new orleans and has received the keys to many cities . she received an honorary doctorate from
in holland while on a fulbright scholarship . he received an mfa ( 1965 ) and ph.d from
( born 1954 ) is an english writer , journalist and critic , grandson of arthur christiansen ( editor of the daily express ) and son of kay and michael christiansen ( editor of the sunday and daily mirror ) . born in london , he was educated at
, and the tradition was consequently impressed upon students at erskine .
received her law education at osgoode hall law school ( university of toronto ) , and harvard university . she taught law at the
, a
graduated from crescent valley high school in 1963 , and he graduated with a degree in zoology in 1967 at
was born in new york city in 1940. he studied art at
was educated at
was born in karachi ( in modern pakistan ) to josé ( d. 1902 ) and carlota gracias . his parents were from dramapur/navelim , goa , working in karachi . he studied at st. patrick 's high school in karachi , st. joseph seminary in mangalore , and the pontifical seminary of kandy in ceylon ( from where he obtained his doctorate in theology ) . ordained to the priesthood on 3 october 1926 , gracias then did pastoral work in bandra until 1927 , when he entered the
( born in marathon , florida ) is the current american football assistant director of college scouting for the new england patriots of the national football league . smith attended phillips andover in andover , massachusetts , lettering in football . he then played football as a cornerback at
undergraduate work was at city college of new york where he received a ba in statistics in 1964. he received a masters ( 1966 ) and a doctorate in operations research ( 1968 ) from the
was born in the bronx , new york city on october 3 , 1948 and lived most of her early life in north massapequa ( long island ) , ny . she attended queens college ,
as his stage name in college and later legally changed it to shawn aaron thomas . thomas graduated from
, was a well-known methodist minister from stratford , connecticut . he studied at new york university and
in dallas , texas , johnson received a bfa in theatre arts from
was educated at
attended medical school at
and his wife emily . his father was a brewer in the partnership of bass ratcliff and gretton and lived at newton solney . he was educated at
was born in chicago , illinois . he attended
was educated at
; in 1969-1970 , he studied at
( vocals and guitar ) . axelson , caddell , morrison and original drummer steve cummings formed the band while attending various northern virginia high schools ( axelson , cummings , and morrison attended
, attended
was born in boston on june 27 , 1926. after high school , he enrolled at the
is a professor of health policy and management at york university in toronto . dr. raphael received his ph.d. from the
began classical violin at the age of nine and later turned to appalachian and traditional irish music . her early influences include the tunes of tommy peoples from county donegal , ireland and the all irish born bothy band . she studied fiddle at the
, the registrar of the archdeaconry of nottingham . his father had visited the united states in 1787 where he had often been the guest of george washington . he was educated at
comes from a musical family ; the first instrument he played was the tabla drums . when he decided to learn the guitar he faced the difficulty of inaccessibility to printed music , recordings and accredited teachers in his homeland nepal , but he eventually won a full scholarship to study guitar at the san francisco conservatory of music , where he studied with larry almeida , george sakallariou and david tanenbaum and participated in master classes conducted by such distinguished international guitarists as michael lorimor ( usa ) , julian bream ( uk ) , manuel barrueco ( cuba ) , david russell ( scotland ) , jose tomas ( spain ) , abel carlevaro ( paraguay ) . he pursued then an ma degree in ethnomusicology at the
( born 1975 ) is a british ballet dancer and choreographer , whose work often concentrates on the interplay of contemporary dance and new media technology . he trained at the
moved to southern california in 1993 and shortly thereafter started his studies at the
on the day following the american invasion , he was then exiled in newfoundland from 1782 to 1783 , following a ( probably ) false charge of treason . he returned to quebec and settled on a farm at baie-du-febvre ( later baieville ) where he resumed the practice of medicine . in 1788 the province of quebec began to insist on doctors producing their credentials or passing an examination . as laterrière could not produce a medical degree and failed to pass the oral examination he went to study medicine at
. he graduated from the
( born 1950 ) is a retired american diplomat . she was born in the free territory of trieste , today part of italy , but grew up in portland , oregon from the age of five . she received an m.a . in international affairs from the
was born in 1839 as the son of thomas grissell , a prosperous public works contractor . he was educated at
, where she met a talented artist , dorothy hepworth , who became her lifelong companion . with the help of hepworth 's wealthy family , they set up a home and studio together . both studied drawing with henry tonks . preece 's early work was praised by vanessa bell , duncan grant and roger fry . in the early 1920s , they lived mostly in paris to continue their art studies , preece studying principally with andré lhote . there , they were influenced by the lesbian art world of natalie barney 's salon . upon their return to london in 1925 , however , they tried to avoid the opprobrium suffered by open lesbians and often claimed to be sisters . they became more involved with the bloomsbury group , some of the members of which they had met earlier . they spent summer holidays in wales or cornwall where patricia was again rescued from drowning , this time by a local mineworker . preece had a reputation for happily accepting casual flirtations from admirers , only to reject them when they became more serious . in 1928 , preece and hepworth moved to cookham , living in a cottage purchased by hepworth 's parents . the gregarious preece signed many of the shy hepworth 's paintings and negotiated with dealers to exhibit and sell the work as preece 's , fooling many in the art world , including the artist augustus john , who declared preece one of the six greatest women artists in england . in 1929 , preece met cookham artist stanley spencer and his artist wife , hilda carline , while she was substituting as a waitress in a teashop in cookham . preece and hepworth became friendly with spencer and his wife , sometimes minding their daughters and joining their art picnics . carline 's brother richard was attracted and took preece dining and dancing , until he understood the nature of her relationship with hepworth . the hepworths lost their fortune in the great depression , and from 1930 , preece and hepworth were struggling to make mortgage payments . spencer introduced preece to his extensive art-world contacts . in may 1933 , spencer 's cosmopolitan patron , edward beddington-behrens invited patricia to travel with stanley to switzerland for a commission ( preece spoke fluent french , while stanley spoke none ) . in 1933 , preece first modelled for spencer , sitting for portrait of
attended
is the former chief justice of the ohio supreme court . he was appointed by governor ted strickland on may 3 , 2010 , following the death of chief justice thomas moyer on april 2 , 2010. brown was the first jewish chief justice in ohio history . he received a bachelor 's degree in history from
received his juris doctor from
( bapt . 13 april 1608 , haarlem - 1664 , leiden ) was a dutch physician and scholar . he studied medicine at
is an african american interior designer located in new york born on july 7 , 1964. sheila attended
( born 10 september 1969 ) is a kenyan athlete who specialises in middle and long distance running . he finished tenth at the 1997
where he became known as larry . after learning his craft at rada , he began to perform on stage and film , where he adopted the stage name ``
( born june 25 , 1975 ) is an estonian television journalist . he graduated from the
was born in brookline , massachusetts in 1883. he was educated at
, was a lecturer ( 1909 ) and later professor ( 1911 ) of biology at the university of tasmania ( utas ) . flynn was born at the queen alexandra hospital in battery point . his mother was born lily mary young , but dropped the first names lily mary shortly after she was married and changed her name to marelle . flynn described his mother 's family as `` seafaring folk '' and this appears to be where his life-long interest in boats and the sea originated . despite flynn 's claims , the evidence indicates that he was not descended from any of the bounty mutineers . married at st john 's church of england , balmain north , sydney , on 23 january 1909 , both of his parents were native-born australians of irish , english and scottish descent , with convict links to tasmania long before flynn 's birth . flynn , living at mclean avenue chatswood , sydney in 1926 , attended
( 1911-1981 ) while he was an undergraduate student at
graduated from taiwanese national chiao tung university with a bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering in 1972. he also holds a master 's degree in computer science from
was born in yunlin county . he was born into a family of farmers and grew up in the country . in 1968 , he became a monastic under master hsing yun and took full ordination the following year in keelung . hsin ting graduated from the eastern buddhist college and the india research institute of the chinese cultural university . he further received an honorary doctorate degree from the fo guang shan-affiliated
is a composer , performer , writer , and media artist . he is an assistant professor at the
graduated with honors from
( born warley , near halifax , 19 november 1958 ) has presented for bbc radio leeds since the late 1970s , whilst he was still a student at the city of
is a blonde tomboy surfer chick , student at
is an award-winning news reporter for kcbs radio in san francisco and maintains the sovernnation political blog . he is a graduate of
( 1607 -- may 28 , 1675 ) was an italian historian , genealogist , poet and man of letters . he was born in sicily at lentini in 1607 , but moved while young to palermo . he obtained a doctorate in law at the
was born in 1946 in santiago in chile . after completing secondary school at the liceo aleman de santiago ( 1951 -- 1963 ) . like his mentor humberto maturana , varela first studied medicine then biology at the
of milntown defended and held , for three years , the castle
, 5th of milntown defended and held , for three years , the castle
( 1862-1944 ) was a nova scotia businessman and politician . he was born in 1862 to robert kirk tory and anorah ferguson in guysborough county and lived in the village of guysborough . he attended
( ) is a greek poet and author residing in cyprus . he was born on october 26 , 1945 in thessaloniki , greece . he studied medicine at the
. he was educated at
( born august 14 , 1951 in baton rouge , louisiana ) , was a professional american football linebacker in the world football league and national football league . he played college football at
was educated at wellington college and
is a professor of law at st. john 's university and a graduate of
, who studied under edgar meyer at the
began his education at
, and was married to
, who became a friend , and anthony blunt , about whom he was consistently negative . he was an undergraduate at
, m.d , is an american pathologist , and board certified in anatomic and clinical pathology by the american board of pathology . he received his m.d . degree from
( 1732 -- 2 december 1791 ) , irish statesman , son of warden flood , lord chief justice of the king 's bench for ireland , was educated at
( born 1937 ) is a theologian , historian , and scholar of spirituality , affiliated with the university of chicago , where he is naomi shenstone donnelley professor emeritus of historical theology and of the history of christianity in the divinity school and the committees on medieval studies and on general studies . he received educational degrees from the
graduated from olympia high school in 1913 , then entered the us army 's signal corps in 1913 in a reserve unit in seattle , washington , while he was a student at the
became a canadian citizen in 1972. cooperman received his b.a . in 1951 and m.a . in 1955 from new york university and his ph.d. in 1961 from the
was introduced to painting by rene beard , a local washington , d.c. oil painter . in 1961 he entered
was born in seaham harbour , england on march 23 , 1892. he attended the
was educated at
received his first honorary degree in 1999 from mount allison university in sackville , new brunswick where he currently serves as chancellor . on july 1 , 2008 , he was appointed by michaëlle jean , governor general of canada as officer of the order of canada , the second grade of the highest civilian honour in canada . he received an honorary doctor of laws degree from the
was born in the village of sharuna in the district of minya . he studied literature at
is a russian ski-orienteering competitor . he received a silver medal in the sprint at the 2007
graduated from
was educated at
is a free software developer and activist . he also works in the fields of digital cartography , wireless networking , intelligent search engines and the semantic web . he was the lead developer of nocatauth which is an open source wireless captive portal . erle grew up in philadelphia and springfield , pa and after graduating from springfield high school in 1995 , went on to earn his degree at
was born at saturnia . he studied at the
( 1905 ) and took the general staff exam ( 1915 ) . colonel
conceived of the idea that would become flocabulary while in high school . inspired by hip hop artists like outkast and a tribe called quest , harrison wanted to combine the easy retainability of hip hop lyrics with educational content . harrison graduated from the
was educated in georgia at
, in 1967 ( custodis 2004 , 142 ) . two scholarships from the state of north rhine -- westphalia for studies in germany made it possible for him to participate in the composition studios given by stockhausen at darmstadt in 1967 and again in 1968. returning to the united states , he continued his studies at the
( ghs ) is a class a accredited public high school , serving around 1,250 ninth to twelfth grade students and employing 70 teachers , 18 support-staff members , 7 custodial/maintenance staff and 4 administrators . located in greenville , michigan , ghs is part of the greenville public schools district . greenville 's athletic program consists of over thirty teams , which are known as the `` yellow jackets '' greenville 's wrestling team was division 2 state champions in the 2007 season . the football team use to play at black field , now they will play at a new athletic facility which includes a new stadium located on-campus . they compete in the ok white conference . former nfl player
, granted to students seeking careers in nursing . he also started and carried on the
( avi ) bell is a professor of law at the university of san diego school of law and at bar-ilan university faculty of law . bell received his b.a . and j.d . from the
workshops fell apart in 1953 , nearly all the residents left . thereafter , a school and workshop on the site , called pond farm pottery , were carried on by the community 's only remaining artist , bauhaus potter marguerite wildenhain , who continued to offer instruction through 1980. among her students was
by his family . following his education at
( born c. 1945 ) is a newscaster for national public radio ( npr ) , contributing to all things considered since 1989. she graduated from
, dublin , was a driving force in its construction . the irish jesuits educated a number of the leading patrons of the irish arts & crafts movement .
was born in germany and raised in brooklyn . he attended the
who served in the georgia house , as well as the u.s. house of representatives ) . howard attended the
was a republican politician from idaho . he attended the
( b. may 10 , 1979 in montclair , new jersey ) is an american actress and singer . she attended
and the jazz messengers in the early 1980s and in tony williams 's quintet in the mid-1980s to early 1990s . he also has released numerous cds for which he is the band leader . he studied with joe viola and andy mcghee at
( 1880 - 1910 ) was born in brookline , massachusetts , the son of noted architect r. clipston sturgis . he attended
, rundle became the third-winningest coach in the school 's football history behind jerry carle and w.t . van de graaff . when rundle announced his decision to leave colorado college to take the head coaching position at his alma mater , albion college , a columnist in the colorado springs gazette-telegraph closed his coverage of the story as follows : ``
was a student at
was the third son and fifth child of frederick hamilton-temple-blackwood , 1st marquess of dufferin and ava and hariot hamilton-temple-blackwood . he was born in clandeboye in ireland . after spending part of his childhood in canada , where his father was governor-general , he attended
( july 7 , 1869 detroit , mi - october 18 , 1956 southampton , ny ) was an american architect , urban planner and writer . he studied at
is a beauty queen who was name miss ghana 2006 and represented ghana in miss world 2007 in china , where she won the talent competition and got a fast track to the semi-finals . she studied mathematics and statistics at the
is the american author of a series of novels about a family of private investigators , the spellmans . she was born in southern california in 1970. she attended uc santa cruz , uc irvine ,
was born in edmonton , alberta , in 1957 but was raised in calgary . he studied at the
was born in secor , illinois . she was hard working and spent much of her childhood and teen years earning money to attend college . at 17 , she attended
was educated at
( born february 18 , 1984 ) is an american professional basketball player . goodridge was the 5th overall pick in the 2010 nba development league draft by the armor . he attended
started his career in the field of library science at the young age of fourteen . warren high school , `` where he was the youngest student '' , asked him to be their librarian and he accepted . as reported in portrait of a librarian , a life-long friend and classmate , william c. cochran , remembered that `` he ( brett ) knew every book in the library , its place on the shelves and what it contained between its cover '' . after his first year of college at the
studied classical piano at the
( born may 25 , 1985 ) is an american actress from downers grove , illinois . she attended
. stevens , a vermont native , had read law with new york court of appeals judge john k. porter and graduated from columbia law school . when former justice william mitchell of the minnesota supreme court died before assuming the deanship , stevens took his place . halbert came from new york , having graduated from
( arabic : نسيم معلوف ) ( b. kafarakab , lebanon , 1941 ) is a classical trumpet soloist particularly known for his adaptation of the trumpet to arabic music . maalouf studied at the
( july 27 , 1899 , boulder , colorado - march 30 , 1955 , princeton , new jersey ) was an american composer , conductor , pianist and teacher . mcdonald studied at the
received one final shot at the
, the son of russell joseph o'hara and katherine ( née broderick ) was born on march 27 , 1926 , at maryland general hospital , baltimore and grew up in grafton , massachusetts . he attended
. pasternack was an assistant coach at cal . he graduated from
, a graduate of the
( 1935 -- 2006 ) was distinguished professor of literature and dean of the college of arts and sciences ( 1985 -- 1997 ) at american university . she was previously dean of the school of liberal arts and sciences and acting provost of pratt institute from 1979 to 1985. among her numerous awards and honors , bennett was a fellow of the national endowment for the humanities and fellow of american council of learned societies . she won the keats-shelley association of america - distinguished scholar award in 1992 and was founding president , phi beta kappa , zeta chapter at american university . born in brooklyn , new york , bennett graduated from
was born in winchester , virginia , in 1808. he attended the
. his paternal grandfather was the banker and merchant sir william brown , 1st baronet , and his younger brother the liberal politician sir alexander brown , 1st baronet . brown was educated at
at grace church chapel in new york city . he was born in 1877 , the son of lt. commander jacob miller , in nice , france , where his father was serving with the u.s. navy . he was an 1892 graduate of
is a contemporary , abstract artist , residing in richmond , virginia . white studied art at
( 斉藤祐也 ) ( born 28 april 1977 ) is a japanese rugby union footballer . he plays as no . 8 , currently for toyota jido shokki . he graduated from
grew up . she graduated from
is an american television writer . currently , he is writing for the animated series phineas and ferb . he is a graduate of the
( born 1982 ) is a finnish conductor . she began piano studies at age 3 , and also learned the violin and french horn . she started conducting studies by age 12. she attended the
was educated as a pharmacist in odense , then he studied medicine at the
( b. february 12 , 1970 , bucharest ) is a romanian composer of orchestral and chamber music , currently teaching at california state university , northridge . his music has been recorded and released by capstone records and centaur records , and has been performed by the cleveland chamber symphony , orchestra 2001 , bohuslav martinu symphony , as well as the national chamber radio orchestra and the bucharest music academy symphony in romania . he studied music composition at the
in west springfield , virginia , where he threw for 3,123 yards and 35 touchdowns as a senior . he was selected as a superprep all-american and ranked as the no . 3 quarterback in the united states . his father
in the college football season of 2004 -- 2005. coached by
in the college football season of 2000 -- 2001. coached by
. a scholar at eton and
, while his cousin was the composer samuel barber . he was educated first at the
( 28 may 1861 -- 5 april 1950 ) was a scottish geographer and meteorologist who was influential in the reform of geography teaching , and in the development of meteorology as a science . educated in scotland , he graduated from the
was born in moscow , russia . at the age of 6 she started her musical education . in 1996 , at the age of 12 , she held her first concert as a composer , when she introduced her chamber , vocal and piano music . she graduated from the special central tchaikovsky musical school in 2001. in 2007 she graduated from the
( born 1952 ) is a singer , conductor , and musical teacher , currently the resident director of choral activities at the university of connecticut . she has taught at
is the former associate director of the martha graham center of contemporary dance and heir of modern dance choreographer martha graham . agnes de mille writes in martha : the life and work of martha graham that in the late 1960s protas , who had been a law student at
, santa barbara . while at ucsb he was the radio announcer for the gauchos ' basketball and football teams while also hosting a local sports show . after college , czaban moved back to his hometown and was hired by andy pollin at wtem-am ( now espn 980 ) to do updates as a part-timer . then he was on to chicago for one-on-one sports radio network , where he met bob and brian , charlotte 's wfnz-am , six months at espn radio and then back to wtem , where he was finally paired with pollin on `` the sports reporters . '' he hosted gametime with
mp for breconshire . he was educated at
( born june 21 , 1974 in salem , massachusetts ) is a former american football center in the national football league for the san diego chargers , the new england patriots , and the washington redskins . downey was also with the atlanta falcons in 2002 as a member of their practice squad . he played in the nfl europe league in 2002 for the frankfurt galaxy where he started at both center and guard . downey also played in the arena football league for the nashville kats , where he played in the arena bowl in 2000 and 2001 , and for john elway 's colorado crush in 2004. he was a two sport all-star in football and track & field at bishop fenwick high school in peabody , massachusetts . downey was a two-time all-star in football and was named captain of the harry agganis all-star classic . he also holds the school record in the shot put ( 53'6 `` ) for track & field . pat did a postgraduate year at
( born guerrand mccurdy scarce on april 8 , 1949 , in danville , virginia ) is a former baseball player who played in parts of 5 seasons from 1972 -- 1978. during his short career , the 6 ' 3 `` lefty pitched primarily for the philadelphia phillies , as well as appearing briefly with the new york mets and the minnesota twins . he attended
and his wife florentina , daughter of sir bourchier wrey , 6th baronet . long was educated at winchester college and then went to
( ) is a prominent ceramics artist from jingdezhen , china . he received mfas from jingdezhen ceramic institute and then from
, literally translates to generous peace , that he also used as title of his first album . he holds a degree in chemical engineering from the
was born in sherbrooke , quebec on 22 august 1867 , the son of richard william heneker and of elizabeth , daughter of captain e tuson rn . he received his early education at bishop 's college in lennoxville , quebec , and then later entered military life when he enrolled at the
was a boy chorister at st paul 's cathedral and attended its choir school ; he sang at the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in 1953 and later that year went with the choir on a three-month tour of america which included a private concert in the white house and a meeting with president dwight d. eisenhower . at the age of 12 , he was inspired to learn the organ after sir john dykes bower , organist of st paul 's , asked him to accompany him to the cathedral organ loft to turn pages for him for a bbc recording . his response to herrick 's aspiration to become a concert organist was not encouraging : 'well ... i suppose it might be just possible to be an organist giving concerts , with no permanent church appointment -- but even thalben-ball has a city church. ' he later attended
( 26 february 1796 -- 1 november 1851 ) was a scottish mathematician born in symington , south lanarkshire , scotland . in 1812 he entered the
( may 24 , 1894 -- april 1976 ) was a religious leader , civil rights activist and educator who led the gilbert academy , a top private black college in new orleans , during the late 1930s . she received her m. ed . from the
, while living with his uncle ( his father 's best friend ) . his uncle , dr. bakshi , has an american-born son who 's hari 's age ,
was the son of a stonemason . he attended the parish school in viljandi , then the evening school in narva . in 1915 , he enrolled as an external student in oryol and began studying pharmacy , but he soon abandoned those studies . from 1915 to 1918 he studied medicine at the university of saratov . from august 1922 alle studied law at the
is a businessman , republican party activist . he is the secretary of state of colorado . he received a law degree from
was born in castlecor ( parish of ballyclough ) , county cork , in 1824. he was the third of eight children of william croke , an estate agent , and his wife , isabella plummer , daughter of an aristocratic protestant family who disowned her following her catholic marriage in 1817. after william croke died in 1834 his brother , the reverend thomas croke , supervised the education and upbringing of the children . two of thomas 's brothers entered the priesthood , while two sisters became nuns . he was educated in charleville , county cork and at the irish college in paris and the irish college in rome , winning academic distinctions including a doctorate of divinity with honours . he was ordained in may 1847. croke 's brother , james , was also a priest and served in the pacific northwest helping to found several churches including st. joseph 's catholic church in oregon territory . the irish radical william o'brien said that thomas croke fought on the barricades in paris during the 1848 french revolution . croke returned to ireland and spent the next 23 years working there . in 1858 he became the first president of st colman 's college , fermoy , county cork and then served as both parish priest of doneraile and vicar general of cloyne diocese from 1866 to 1870. thomas croke attended the
attended
( b. july 29 , 1945 , in medford , oregon ) obtained a ph.d. in rhetoric and communication in 1972 from
( born august 6 , 1988 ) is an american football running back for the baltimore ravens of the national football league . he was drafted by the ravens in the seventh round of the 2011 nfl draft . his freshman year of college he attended louisville university and set freshman rushing records . he then played the rest of his college career at georgia tech . he attended
( june 13 , 1882 ) was a german chemist . wintgen studied at the
first developed . he attended the
read history at the
( born 1951 ) is an american painter known for his watercolors , oils , and drawings of modern still lifes , landscapes , interiors and portraits . he was born and raised in santa ana , california and attended otis art institute and then the art center school of design where he worked with harry carmean in 1969. he graduated from the chouinard art institute in los angeles ( cfa '72 ) and the california institute of the arts ( ba 1975 ) where he worked with harold kramer , emerson woelffer , and donald w. graham . clark received his masters degree from
was a weather anchor , reporter and traffic specialist at cp24 from july 2008 until may 2011. she lived in st. vincent and the grenadines before moving to canada . she graduated from
was 12 his mother re-married and moved the family out to colorado , which eventually proved influential in his existential and spiritual search . at age 15 , a family vacation to japan gave him a taste of buddhist temples and meditation styles , and in high school , he had an influential teacher who assigned buddhist readings . during his freshman year ( 1971 ) at the university of colorado at boulder , lama yeshe jinpa met chogyam trungpa rinpoche . he then attended
. on march 21 , 2011 : president mark p. becker and director of athletics cheryl l. levick announced hunter as the new head men 's basketball coach at
during the college basketball season of 2011 -- 2012. the team 's head coach is
was born in kent and attended chetham 's school of music as a child . later he studied at the guildhall school of music and drama in london , and began singing and playing in local clubs as a jazz violinist with musicians including lionel grigson . after finishing school , he played as an extra with the london symphony orchestra , began to write songs and toured in a piano trio with norbert zehm and kate shortt . he continued his studies at
, worked as a dry goods merchant . his mother , martha ( née hillard ) , was a college professor and had served as president of rockford college . he grew up on an estate bordering lake michigan . he attended the hotchkiss school from 1907 to 1911 before entering yale university , where he majored in english , was elected to phi beta kappa , and was selected for the skull and bones society . he then enrolled in
( born 1943 ) is a philadelphia-based art historian and curator . she earned a b.a . art history from
( born november 19 , 1990 , in lubbock , texas ) is a sprinter and jumper for the university of texas track team and also competes in football as a wide receiver . currently he is a sophomore on scholarship to run track for the university of texas-austin track team and is one of the premier underclassmen in country in the long jump as well as the 60 metres and 100 metres dashes and the triple jump . he competed in five events during his high school track career at
completed his studies at
attended
in the wpt
is a media artist and educator who grew up and is still living on the space coast of florida . she graduated from cocoa beach high school in 1972 , and received her b.a . from the
is the cofounder of bittorrent inc along with brother bram cohen , where among other things he was involved in the codeville project . he attended
attended college at the
under dutch saxophonist leo van oostrom . while there fraize worked with scapes , a quintet which won first prize at the 1989 middelzee jazz concours . on returning to the united states in 1989 , fraize formed the fusion group , stickman , which performed at the mellon jazz festival in pittsburgh . fraize is a member of the greg hatza organization and is also in a rock group , the emptys . his jazz group , the
( or dick lesh as he is commonly known to colleagues and friends ) is a professor of learning sciences , cognitive science , and mathematics education at indiana university in bloomington , indiana . he graduated from indiana university in 1971 with a ph.d. in mathematics , cognitive psychology , and statistics for research in the social sciences . he is also a graduate of
studied in the tallinn university of arts ( today 's
was born in southampton , england , on 7 april 1872 , the elder of two surviving children of george anthony kirsopp lake , a physician , and isabel oke clark . his father came from a family of scottish origin and kirsopp was the family name of the boy 's paternal grandmother . he was educated at
's `` below the beltway '' column . shansby is from silver spring , maryland . he studied philosophy at
is a republican member of the kansas house of representatives representing the 65th district which includes junction city and alta vista and parts of geary and wabasunsee counties in kansas . fawcett 's first term began in january of 2011. fawcett attended
attended primary school at majorstuen , in a class together with øistein parmann , birger mathisen and rolf kirkvaag . he later took what he himself has described as a `` lousy '' examen artium . he studied chemical technology at the
( january 31 , 1875 - march 21 , 1954 ) was a surgeon in the first world war who served at saint-mihiel and the meuse-argonne offensive . hart goodloe was born in danville , kentucky in 1875. he is a graduate of
is an american scholar of early christianity . mitchell , who is a student of hans dieter betz and robert m. grant , received her ph.d. from the
, the only son of military parents , moved to columbia , south carolina in the late 90s . he attended
, a medical student at the
, born in bloomfield , nelson county , kentucky , on march 7 , 1885 as the son of john warden and eliza ( mccluskey ) thompson moved with his family to indianapolis at the age of twelve . he attended butler college and obtained his ba degree from university of wisconsin . for the next two years he taught high school in portland , oregon , where he learned norwegian . he earned his master 's degree in english literature from
grew up during the great depression , during which his father had little or no work and his mother sewed in a sweat shop for $ 7 a week . he decided while in junior high school that he would pursue an art career after reading in the local newspaper that cartoonist h. t. webster made $ 50,000 a year . `` i thought , 'boy , that 's a lot. ' i went down and saw him , and he talked to me . then i started drawing for my junior high school . it made me feel like i could really draw . '' dipreta took art classes when he attended
( born 1956 in medemblik ) specialises in the history and cultures of central asia , iran and afghanistan . he has written numerous books and articles on the subject . in the 1970s he studied indian and iranian languages and cultures at the university of leiden . he also studied at the
is the vice-chancellor of the university of namibia . he replaced peter katjivivi , who left to become an ambassador for namibia . hangula earned his m.a . and ph.d. from the johannes gutenberg
( born june 24 , 1973 in havre , montana ) is a former outfielder in major league baseball who played for the arizona diamondbacks and the oakland athletics . he attended
was an immediate ancestor to the sacred harp , evidently used a tuning fork . this is known because his fork was handed down through later generations . the sacred harp scholar
( born september 12 , 1969 ) is a scottish curler and world champion . he won a gold medal at the 1991 world curling championships in winnipeg . he received a gold medal at the
was born in british ceylon ( now known as sri lanka ) , and was educated at royal preparatory college , colombo . he immigrated to australia with his family when he was aged nine . he studied at
began working with richard gluckman in 1980 , and became principal of the predecessor firm to gluckman mayner in 1988. mayner studied architecture at the
( née egami , ; born november 30 , 1957 ) is a japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 summer olympics and in the 1988 summer olympics . she was born in setagaya , and grew up in higashimurayama , tokyo . after she attended
and angele greer . angele was a native of egypt and a graduate of the university of paris . moses was a graduate of
had his education at
in 2003. his thesis focused on the philosophical theology of
. he attended
( born 21 august 1959 , paris ) is a french actress . she studied at the
, peacock attended
was born at roscommon , ireland . he was educated at the
was born and raised on the space coast of florida where he began playing guitar as a teenager . after graduating from merritt island high school in 1995 , he attended
( 1815-1895 ) , an early victorian pioneer . fairbairn was educated at
was born in london and was educated in the uk and france . he graduated from
took credit for the name ; however , the name appeared in newspapers before stallings was manager . another legend concerns a sportswriter equating the 1901 team 's opening day victory with the ferocity of his alma mater , the
took credit for the name ; however , the name appeared in newspapers before stallings was manager . another legend concerns a sportswriter equating the 1901 team 's opening day victory with the ferocity of his alma mater , the
graduated from
, nicknamed rosha , is the designer and programmer of several 1980s-era games , including war room and killer bees . he was born in boalsburg , pennsylvania . he graduated from
was born on october 27 , 1906 in seattle , washington . he graduated from the
was born in ohio ; his father was a nazarene minister . growing up , he attended public schools in indiana , colorado , and california . he attended the
, often credited as mike utley , is an american musician , songwriter , and record producer for jimmy buffett 's coral reefer band . he is the musical director of the band . born in blytheville in mississippi county , arkansas , he graduated from the
, a student at the
( born 1962 ) is an australian director , producer , writer , comedian , occasional actor and author . he was educated at
initially studied natural sciences at the
studied at the
attended high school in hanover . he completed his schooling at
, is a retired japanese boxer who competed at the 1972 munich olympic games in the featherweight division , and won the wbc junior featherweight title in 1976. he is an alumnus of the
was born in poli , near rome , but moved with his family to barra , near naples , as a child . he studied at the major archiepiscopal seminary of naples and the theological faculty of southern italy , on the s. tommaso d'aquino campus , where he obtained his licentiate in theology . vallini also attended the
is a graduate of
was born may 21 , 1974 in denville , new jersey to william and carol flanagan of rockaway township . he had one brother named glenn , one sister named danielle grayson and a brother in-law richard grayson . he had two nephews , derek and liam and one niece natalie . flanagan lived in rockaway township for most of his life , before moving to whitehall township in 2003. he attended morris county college in randolph township , new jersey , then studied journalism at
( born february 22 , 1979 in penticton , british columbia ) is a retired canadian professional ice hockey left wing . he played four years of college hockey at the
attended
is an american writer of both prose and poetry . his most recent book , the last good water : prose and poetry , 1988-2003 , was published in 2003. delp is currently an instructor of creative writing at the
holds ba from
, she also developed programs for mexican television . she later became a biologist and ethnologist and taught at the
is the president of the commonwealth association of planners , and past president of the south african planning institute . platt completed her b.a . ( economics ) at the
spent the first eight years of his life in fairhaven , massachusetts . after his parents divorced in 1985 , his father moved him and his older brother across the state to the village of shelburne falls , massachusetts and attended buckland shelburne regional elementary school . while initially struggling to fit in as the new kid , fitzpatrick became an avid fan of the horror industry . since he spent the majority of his spare time alone at home while his father worked rigorous hours , he was able to spend his after school hours watching scary movies such as friday the 13th and a nightmare on elm street . it did not take long for him to become fascinated with these types of films . in 1996 , he graduated from
was born in 1938. she attended
( born april 11 , 1986 ) is an american professional basketball player in the wnba , currently playing for the san antonio silver stars . laura was the 10th pick in the 2009 wnba draft . harper 's basketball pedigree includes her father , haviland harper , who played at
grew up in pierce city , missouri and graduated from pierce city high school in 1991. he attended the
is the author of several texts , and has authored or co-authored more than 400 book chapters and articles in peer reviewed journals . dr. heilman 's research has been almost continuously funded by federal agencies ( e.g. , va merit review and/or national institutes of health ) for the last 30 years . currently , he and his coworkers receive more than one million dollars a year in research funding . in recognition of his research contributions he was in the first group of individuals to receive the university of florida research foundation professorships . dr. heilman also received the clinical research award from the
( born 1967 ) is a professor of english language and literature at suffolk university in boston . he earned his b.a . from
is a politician in ottawa , ontario . he is the councillor for the new ward of gloucester-south nepean in the 2006 municipal election . he has been nominated for city councillor in the ottawa municipal election , 2010. he studied at the
earned his bachelor 's degree from clinch valley college ( now the
by his first wife millicent , daughter of robert bernard sparrow . william montagu , 7th duke of manchester , was his elder brother . he was educated at
( born september 22 , 1988 in woodland , california ) is an american rugby union player of samoan origin who plays as a centre or fly-half . he is the youngest ever player to have made an appearance at the rugby world cup . he is a graduate of
was hired as san antonio international 's aviation director . mr. miller earned a bachelor 's degree in business administration from
was born in philadelphia , pennsylvania , the youngest of six children , to bernard ( of castleblaney , county monaghan , ireland ) and mary , and educated at st. vincent de paul grammar school , germantown , and cardinal dougherty high school ( 1959 -- 1963 ) then the largest catholic/private high school in the world . upon graduation he went to sea in the us merchant marine service sailing as an ordinary seaman on the mss gulf prince and mss mormacisle . mckernan began his formal studies at st. joseph 's university evening division in philadelphia while working full time in a steel mill and completed his studies at
( 1887 , reading , berkshire - 1957 ) was a jewish-british scholar . he was the editor of the soncino books of the bible and also participated in the soncino translation of the talmud and midrash . he attended the
was born in manhattan and has lived in new york state most of his life with the exception of 2 years when his family lived in nebraska and his 3 years of service in the u.s. army . his mother , elfrieda emery person , was the daughter of a rochester , new hampshire justice of the peace and his father , carl a. person , was a 1926 harvard law school graduate . person dropped out of northport high school ( northport , long island , ny ) after his sophomore year , and joined the u.s. army for a 3-year enlistment . his service included two years on okinawa as a ship to shore high speed radio operator , to send and receive morse code . then , he enrolled at
, where he was admitted in 1719 , graduating b.a . in 1723 and m.a . in 1727. horace walpole states that he went in 1725 to bexley in kent with his cousins , ''the four younger sons of lord townshend , and with a tutor ,
is a former american football quarterback for the university of miami from 1993 to 1995. frank was born in philadelphia , pa september 8 , 1972. he played several sports at
was born on september 18 , 1936 in san diego , california . he received a b.a . in chemistry from the
was born and raised in bangor , county down in northern ireland . from a protestant background , burrowes was educated at the
( born 25 july 1988 ) is an australian rules footballer . he was drafted by the adelaide football club at pick number 48 in the 2006 afl draft and has been given guernsey number 14. he came from melbourne side , oakleigh chargers and appeared in the 2006 victorian u/18 metro side where he was inspirational in the grand final . he attended
and elisabeth alice becker . horton earned a b.s . and an m.s . in electrical engineering from the
received a master 's degree in public administration ( mpa ) from harvard university 's
( c. 1557 -- 1613 ) was a younger son of francis russell , 2nd earl of bedford . his birthdate is uncertain , with some records showing that he was born as early as 1553 , some as late as 1563. he was educated at
( born august 1 , 1954 ) is an american author of erotica , thriller , self-help financial , and suspense novels . hall was born in virginia and resides in central indiana . he attended
is a painter and digital artist born in assam , north east india , now living just outside oslo , norway . she has studied visual arts at
( born 1927 ) is an evangelical christian , a former high school biology teacher , and a doctoral
and his wife hon . margaret verney , daughter of john verney , 1st viscount fermanagh . cave was educated at
, a local new haven minister and graduate of the
( born october 30 , 1948 ) is an american writer . he was born in birmingham , alabama , studied fiction writing and earned a ba degree from the university of virginia , then served in the u.s. army . he earned an mfa in the early 1970s , from the
and his wife have received doctorate degrees from
earned a bachelor of science degree in social sciences from michigan state university . wilson later earned master degrees in education from
graduated from
attended the
opened her first studio in 1976 on broadway and 18th street in manhattan while attending city as school . the studio was located at 876 broadway which was owned at the time by photographer william biggart , the only journalist to die from the 9/11 attacks . at the same time , sunny bak was studying photography under philippe halsman at
, cbe , was born in india on 14 august 1929 eldest son of chaudhri ram saroop , ismaila , rohtak , india and the late shyam devi . he was educated at the
enrolled at the
, the composition class of
( born 1931 ) was born in new york , new york . she learned to sew and weave from her mother and picked up a passion for the color red from her father while growing up in new york . she studied at skidmore college , receiving her b.s . in art in 1952. she received her m.a . in art in 1954 from the university of illinois . after teaching for two years at
was his brother . he received his early education at a private school kept by a mr. fanning at finchley . in 1834 he entered
, pronounced de-moss ( born september 19 , 1931 in detroit , michigan ) , is an american social thinker known for his work in the field of psychohistory . he did graduate work in political science at
was raised in ninilchik , where he graduated from high school in 1968. he received his bachelors `` degree in civil engineering from oregon state university in 1972 and masters degree in civil/environmental engineering from stanford university in 1973. he has also studied arctic engineering at the
and abbie macmahon . he received his b.a . from
is extensive . there were so many famous generals and vc winners at the royal military academy sandhurst that a fair and representative list would be immense . the royal military academy sandhurst officially denies that
, ii , also attended the
( april 3 , 1741 -- october 31 , 1828 ) was a united states representative from vermont . born in south kingston , rhode island , he attended
was an olympic gold medalist in crew at the 1964 summer olympics in tokyo . he is a graduate of
is a former bioware producer , having been the producer on and the associate producer on neverwinter nights . prior to working at bioware he was a designer at relic entertainment developing some of the core game mechanics and missions for the rts impossible creatures . he is now the producer of all games developed at ossian studios . alan holds a b.a . in economics from the
received a ba in political science in 1978 from the
came to the united states at the age of four . he grew up in el monte , california and started wrestling as a sophomore at arroyo high school at the age of 15. in 1994 he placed 3rd at the cif wrestling tournament and continued his stellar high school career by placing 4th in the southern section masters tournament . he was just one match away from placing in the high school state wrestling championships , ending up in the top 12 in the state at 130 lbs . he was voted team captain in both his junior and senior years . he continued his wrestling career at
was an african american educator , storyteller , actor , musician , street performer and living icon in boston , in cambridge , at harvard university , mit , and in the global oral storytelling community . after serving as first lieutenant from 1943-1946 in the segregated u.s. army in world war ii and being honorably discharged , he received a ba from
is an american concert pianist and an associate professor of piano at the university of oregon . kramer studied music at the
( 1950- ) is a professor of moral theology and the fr . michael j. mcgivney chair of life issues at the sacred heart major seminary in detroit , michigan . she previously taught at the
, gray 's inn and oriel college , oxford . he purchased redgrave manor in suffolk , which had been the seat of the bacon family in 1702 , when debts forced the fifth baronet , sir robert bacon , to sell the estate . a letter in the bodleian library reads : `` the celebrated dr radcliffe , the physician ... took special pains to preserve the life of lcj holt 's wife , whom he attended out of spite to her husband , who wished her dead . '' sir
was born april maiya of vietnamese and pacific island descent . maiya grew up in the suburbs of los angeles , california to buddhist parents . she attended the
( 冨岡鉄平 tomioka teppei , born march 1 , 1977 ) is the captain of the toshiba brave lupus rugby team . he plays at centre . originally from fukuoka prefecture , he was educated at
makes observations and commentaries as a television viewer of the second season of the indian premier league . she is also collaborating with cricketer muttiah muralitharan on his biography , to be published when he retires . she works as a freelance writer and worked with choreographer chandralekha until the latter 's death in december 2006. she graduated with a masters degree in creative writing from the
was born in schelklingen in march 1478 , the son of nikolaus von stadion ( d. 1507 ) and his wife agatha von gültlingen ( d. 1504 ) . in 1490 , he began his studies at the university of tübingen , receiving a bachelor 's degree in 1491 and a master 's in 1494. he then studied at the university of freiburg , moving on to the university of bologna in 1497. finally , he studied at the
was from providence , rhode island . he attended harvard university where he received a bachelors of arts in 1892. in 1895 he received an honorary doctorate from
and his wife hon . margaret verney , daughter of john verney , 1st viscount fermanagh . cave was educated at rugby school and then at
( born january 25 , 1939 ) is a canadian children 's author living in courtice , ontario . he teaches writing-related courses online and works as a communications consultant . bill swan was college administrator and journalism professor at durham college in oshawa , ontario . he was a newspaper editor and columnist . he studied at the
grew up in ouyen , victoria , where he held odd jobs - once being paid by his father with a single bhp share . he later attended
( born 1940 in damascus ) is a syrian american professor of islamic economics and finance . he received his ph.d. in economics from
was born in wales to canadian parents and moved with them to canada shortly after the first world war . they established a homestead near stettler , alberta and lived there for nine years before moving to calgary . from 1933 to 1935 , he attended
( pronounced steevis-son ) ( born august 7 , 1987 ) is an american basketball player at the
. he also helped to write that show 's two best-selling books , , ( 2004 ) and ( 2010 ) . he attended the
is an irish-american , educator , counselor and author . he was born in 1960 in waterville , maine . born william sumner davis , jr. , he is the author of several books on social and science history including the controversial ' '' 'heretics , `` `` the natural history primer losing faith and the pseudoscience just smoke and mirrors . davis ' early life was heavily influenced by the late carl sagan . like sagan , davis is an outspoken critic of many nations use of nuclear arms ; his essay a model of thermonuclear extinction has been widely printed since original publication in 2002. a severe dyslexic , davis did not learn to read until age eleven , and because of early educational experiences , has become an outspoken proponent of alternative educational programs and a critic of u.s. public school systems . davis attended the university of maine , receiving a bachelor of arts degree in psychology focusing on developmental and child psychology . he entered springfield college , where he received a masters in social psychology concentrating on developmental psychology and addiction dynamics . davis went on to study theology at
graduated from
, the president of
graduated with a degree in philosophy from
has a long history of academic and sporting excellence . the last missing-in-action australian serviceman from the vietnam war , pilot officer
is an american food-service industry executive . he is currently the chairman and chief executive officer of dunkin ' brands . from february 1997 until december 2002 , luther was president of popeyes chicken & biscuits , a division of afc enterprises.prior to popeyes , luther was president of ca one services , a subsidiary of delaware north companies , inc. he has also held leadership positions in the contract food service division of the marriott corporation and at aramark in philadelphia , pennsylvania. , where he rose from vending sales director to become president of davre 's , aramark 's luxury restaurant subsidiary . luther also founded benchmark services , inc. , a foodservice management firm specializing in business dining for corporations , growing the business into a strong regional competitor . luther holds a degree in hotel and restaurant management from
was born in kabgayi , rwanda in february 1977. she spent her childhood and attended primary school in kigali until 1988 when her family moved to nairobi , kenya . where she continued her high school studies at the french school , lycée denis diderot . her family had just moved back to rwanda , when shortly after the war , massacres and genocide of 1994 erupted . after becoming a refugee , she landed in montreal , canada in 1998. she has lived there for 10 years . she currently resides in vancouver , canada . louise uwacu holds a degree in political science from the
, who exerted considerable influence upon his later attitude toward judaism , and religion in general . he studied philosophy and semitic languages at the
, born margaret dudar on november 30 , 1957 in michigan , moved with her family to houston when she was in the third grade . spellings graduated from
obtained his a.b . in applied mathematics from harvard university in 1978 , when he went on to obtain his ph.d. in economics at mit . after completing his ph.d. in just three years , he began his assistant professorship at the
attended the gilberd school in the town . he read history at
was born in 1903 in london , where his father was working at an advertising agency . from 1917 to 1921 william studied at the
( october 6 , 1948 -- june 24 , 1975 ) was an american professional basketball player . he played college basketball at the
is a graduate of
was born in 1924 and educated at aberdeen central secondary school before studying at the university of aberdeen , receiving a bachelor of science degree in physics and mathematics in 1944. after joining the admiralty 's scientific research department in 1944 , he was commissioned as a lieutenant in the royal navy volunteer reserve in 1945 ; he was then posted to the british army on the rhine as an intelligence officer . he then studied politics , philosophy and economics ( ppe ) at
( march 19 , 1919 -- january 30 , 1960 ) was born alfred aholo apaka jr in honolulu , hawaii to vocalist alfred aholo apaka sr. alfred was a graduate of president
, a football player at the
( born , 11 march 1979 ) is a british athlete . she reached the semi-finals of the 400 metres at the commonwealth games at manchester in 2002. she was educated at
attended the
, where he read english and was taught by f. r. leavis . he met
was born in eden terrace , derry . he was educated at
is a professor of southeast asian history at the university of washington , seattle . he received his b.a . in history and philosophy from ateneo de manila university in 1977 and his ph.d. in history at cornell university in 1984. prior to teaching at the university of washington , rafael taught at the
( born march 19 , 1979 in gloversville , new york ) is an american actor . he is best known for portraying the character `` jonas '' from the lonelygirl15 videos series , its spinoff katemodern , and its sequel series , . he was born in gloversville , new york but was raised in lancaster , pennsylvania where he attended
grew up in the phipps bridge estate in the mitcham district of south west london , where she learned to speak english . she attended
is a professor of psychology at
( november 20 , 1827 -- january 29 , 1929 ) was a philanthropist and educator . an active abolitionist , howland taught at normal school for colored girls in washington , d.c. from 1857 to 1859. during the civil war she worked in arlington , virginia teaching freed slaves to read and write as well as administering to the sick during a smallpox outbreak . in 1882 she assumed control over the sherwood select school as owner and consulting head , a position she held up to her one hundredth year in 1927 , at which point it was renamed the emily howland school by the new york state board of regents . she became the first female director of a national bank in the united states , at the aurora national bank in aurora , new york in 1890 , where she served up to her death , at age 101. howland was also active in women 's suffrage and peace . also active in temperance , she was a member of the woman 's christian temperance union . in 1926 she received the litt.d . degree from the
( born 1972 ) is an italian graphic designer based in barcelona . born in trieste , she grew up in the city of madrid , spain . she studied graphic design at
in new roads in 1948. another well-known graduate of st. joseph 's is former congresswoman
, a writer and linguist who taught at st. paul 's school in new hampshire . lederer was a young chess talent and after high school he moved to new york city , where he attended
was born in sheraton , wyoming on january 10 , 1943. he was educated at valparaiso university , receiving a b.s . in chemistry in 1964. he worked at the argonne national laboratory in 1964 , and then did graduate research at lawrence berkeley national laboratory at the university of california , berkeley , receiving a ph.d. in chemistry in 1969. he then did postdoctoral research at
belonged to the alva-bhat , a mangalorean catholic clan of goud saraswat brahmin origin from udupi . alva was educated at
was born in palo alto , california and raised in sunnyvale , california . he graduated from
, a graduate of
is professor of physics and vice provost ( academic personnel ) at the national university of singapore . he received his undergraduate as well as graduate degrees from the
was born in nigeria , but soon moved with his family to germany where he lived until the age of 4. carsten then moved to sydney , australia where he attended the
of the united kingdom . the royal gold medal from edward vii was awarded for the restoration of the white house . in 1902 congress appropriated $ 475,445 for this purpose to be spent at the discretion of president theodore roosevelt . he received honorary doctorates from the
was born in a cottage at ty'n-y-coedcae farm ( `` the house in the wooded field '' ) in risca , monmouthshire on 4 march 1800. his father , who was also named william price ( 1761- ) , was an ordained priest in the church of england who had studied at
or ralegh ( 1605 -- 1666 ) , son of sir walter raleigh , was an english politician . born in the tower of london during his father 's incarceration , he was educated at
, working under
, who was secretary of the interior under franklin d. roosevelt . ickes is a graduate of
and lord edward cavendish were his younger brothers . he was educated at the
alumnus
was born and raised in nashville , tennessee and graduated from hume fogg magnet high school in 1999. he attended
( born 17 february 1944 ) is professor of german and folklore at the university of vermont , in burlington , vermont , usa . he is a graduate of
was born in hamburg , germany in 1865. he studied at the
was born on december 12 , 1865 at rock island , illinois . his parents james and julia neill had emigrated from ireland in 1850. the family moved to austin , texas in 1871 , where charles ' father , james , practiced law . charles was employed as a bank messenger from 1876 to 1885. he attended the university of notre dame from 1885 to 1888 where he enjoyed his youth playing with snowballs . he then attended the
, son of william porter ewing and mary conwell ewing , was born near brownsville , pennsylvania in 1796. in 1814 , he graduated from
and was a frequent juror for the leventritt competition . among her notable pupils are pianists elena braslavsky and rami bar-niv . her son robert sherman currently teaches courses on `` the business of music '' at juilliard and previously wrote music criticism for the new york times for four decades . he and her other son alexander co-authored a biography on their mother ,
graduated from
( born february 12 , 1958 ) in media , pennsylvania is an american television personality , philanthropist , building designer , and carpenter who is a regular cast member of the reality television series . he is originally from media , pennsylvania and a family of five children . dimeo graduated from
was educated at
was born in malvern east , victoria on 29 march 1895 , the third of six children of george brinsden vasey , a barrister and solicitor , and his wife alice isabel , née mccutcheon . because his father was also george vasey , george alan vasey 's family always called him alan . he was educated at
was born in curitiba and grew up in são paulo , brazil . she studied in são paulo with joseph kliass , in paris with marguerite long , and in st. louis with robert wykes . she received a master of arts from
was his first for an opera by a living composer . in the late 1980s tan dun has been commissioned by the edinburgh international festival to compose an original opera . as he recounted in a 1997 interview : i first tried to write the libretto myself , about something from myself , and was n't getting anywhere . then someone , in 1990 , said why not read paul griffiths 's novel myself and marco polo ? i read it and phoned him at his home near oxford . and he agreed to write a libretto . marco polo finally received its world premiere in 1996 , not in edinburgh as originally planned , but in munich at the
was born on april 16 , 1943. he received his degree from the
( born september 23rd 1965 in brooklyn , ny ) ... is a playwright , screenwriter , actor and comedian and ran for the new york city council as a republican and independent candidate in 2005. he attended christ the king high school in middle village , ny and irving high school in irving , texas . he is a graduate of
( ) ( born 28 august 1930 in the village of vasyunino , vologodsky district , vologda oblast ) was a soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metre steeplechase . he trained at
, born , in between air-raid warnings in 1941 in weybridge , surrey . he left school in 1956 and worked in various jobs , ranging from city clerk to labourer , brixham fish sorter to chainman on the new victoria line . he studied stage management at the
( born may 5 , 1987 in burnaby , british columbia ) is a collegiate football safety for the central michigan university chippewas of the mid-american conference . he was drafted by the calgary stampeders of the canadian football league as the eighth overall selection and the stampeders first selection in the first round of the 2009 cfl draft . he went to high school at
is a professional percussionist and backing vocalist , most noted for his work with elton john . he grew up in canton , ohio , and was attracted to music when he joined a local drum/bugle club . he attended
enrolled at the
was educated at the
( ; born 14 august 1956 in karachi , sindh , pakistan ) is a leading pakistani human rights and civil rights activist . he is a graduate of
was born and raised in onalaska , wisconsin . he attended
( born december , 1968 ) in toronto , ontario . steve as a drummer , attended berklee college of music in boston , while anthony , a guitarist , attended toronto 's
currently is a us citizen . he is an assistant professor at the university of hawaii 's academy of creative media . he studied philosophy at
( born in timmins , ontario , canada on 1 november 1937 ) is a canadian television and documentary director , producer and writer . he attended the
was born into a family of farming background in wufeng county , hubei in april 1963. in 1979 , he ranked first in the county for the gaokao examination . he received his b.a . degree from
was educated at
in dorset and joined the royal navy in 1927 as a paymaster cadet ( later supply officer ) . he served as the assistant secretary to the first sea lord , admiral of the fleet sir roger backhouse from 1938 to 1939 and was promoted to paymaster lieutenant-commander in 1939. he was the admiral 's secretary to admiral of the fleet sir dudley pound during world war ii from 1939 to 1943. promoted to paymaster commander in 1943 , he served as admiral 's secretary to admiral of the fleet lord louis ( francis albert victor ) mountbatten ( lord mountbatten of burma from 1946 ) from 1943 to 1959 and he was the private secretary to mountbatten as governor general of india from 1947 to 1948. finally , he served as the senior staff officer to the chief of defence staff within the ministry of defence from 1959 to 1965. he had been promoted to captain ( s ) in 1953 , to rear-admiral on 6 april 1963 with further promotion to acting vice-admiral later the same year . sir
( born stellenbosch , south africa , 1951 ) is a south african composer and pianist . he was educated at
who was a student at the
was born in st. catharines ontario , canada in 1957. he received his bachelor of arts degree in 1980 from
in 1950. in his career at the bar ,
, male film director and actor born ashley gasper , is a
is a graduate of
was born in nenagh , county tipperary and educated in dublin . he studied at the
was born on september 26 , 1942 in vienna , austria as the nephew of gustav krist and grew up under the impressions of the aftermath of world war ii . from 1948-1952 hager attended primary school before attending another school from 1952-1960. after leaving school , hager studied law at the
graduated in english literature from
in 1638 under
( february 8 , 1930 -- november 25 , 2000 ) was an american anthropologist , often known as one of the fathers of historical archaeology . his work focused on culture change and the cultural aspects inherent in the historic and archaeological record , and was concerned primarily with the massachusetts and virginia colonies . deetz taught at the
is a professor at uc berkeley . on the official le tigre website , fateman refers to filmmaker miranda july as being her `` best friend from high school '' ; july is also from berkeley . at the age of seventeen fateman moved to portland , oregon to attend
, the college 's first president and a graduate of
was born in meanwood , leeds , yorkshire , england on 19 april 1882 to richard marshall horsfield , a leather manufacturer , and his wife sarah ellis smart . he attended
, a first-team all-conference honors selection , and a second-team all-san diego selection . in his senior year , he posted an 8-2 record with a 2.99 era . after high school , karstens attended
graduated cum laude from harvard college in 1982 with an ab degree in government . in 1985 , he received a master of public affairs degree from the
, who played football at the
( born 1951 ) is a swedish theatre director and actor from stockholm . he was educated at the
was born in den haag in the netherlands , the son of adriaan ( a history teacher ) , and ann eliza barnouw ( who tutored english ) . the barnouws came to america in 1919 , after the end of world war i when his father became one of the editors of the weekly review and later was the queen wilhelmina professor at columbia university . erik attended
from saint wendelin high school , fostoria , ohio in 1985. he earned a bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering from university of dayton in 1989. he then went on to earn a master 's degree in business administration from the
attended
was born in ferrara , italy on july 15 , 1966. he graduated with a degree in biological sciences from the university of ferrara ( m.a . equivalent , summa cum laude ) in 1992. from 1990 to 1991 he attended the national university of ireland , galway , where he conducted research for an applied thesis in ecology . since 1993 , gian andrea pagnoni has worked as an independent researcher conducting environmental assessments and environmental project management ( eia , sea , impact assessment and ecological networks ) . in 1998 he received his ph.d. in applied ecology from the
was born on may 9 , 1914 in dows , iowa . he joined the navy in 1931 , and served as a radioman on a destroyer . later , he attended the
not only suggests some personality traces of the hijacker ; it also helps the acid humor of the song and makes us remember that rockdrigo was interested in psychology ; as a matter of fact , he formally studied it for a short time , at the
was born to british immigrants from nottingham , england and raised in kincardine , ontario , canada . he joined the canadian forces after graduating from secondary school and upon completion of parachute training he was posted as a paratrooper to 2 commando of the now disbanded canadian airborne regiment ,
was the sixth son ( and youngest of eight ) of henry higinbotham , a merchant at dublin , and sarah wilson , daughter of joseph wilson , a man of scottish ancestry who had gone to america and became an american citizen after the war of independence and returned to dublin as american consul . george higinbotham was educated at the
( jay ) is an american chemist , and hugh stott taylor chair of chemistry , at princeton university . he won the 2010 hans fischer career award . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a s.b. , and from columbia university with a ph.d. he is on the management committee , of the center for catalytic hydrocarbon functionalization , at the
was born in watford , ontario , canada . he immigrated to the united states in 1883 with his parents , who settled in carbondale , pennsylvania . he attended
was born in princeton , new jersey , and grew up in the upscale encino district of los angeles , california , where he attended
, a graduate of the
is a mba professor of finance & strategy . he has taught at johns hopkins university & also teaches at top ten ranked robert smith school of business , university of maryland . he has completed executive education at
has been on the faculty of the ucla department of chemistry and biochemistry since 1978. he is currently a professor of biochemistry and director of the ucla molecular biology institute . he was born in los angeles and attended public schools in altadena and pasadena , california . he did his undergraduate work at
, and his phd from
( born 1949 ) is a new zealand merchant banker and partner in the merchant bank fay richwhite . he was educated at
received his diploma in print and broadcast journalism at
is the tenth president of teachers college , columbia university . fuhrman earned her doctorate in political economy from teachers college . she became very engaged in issues of educational equity , and became an authority on school reform . fuhrman served as the dean of the university of pennsylvania graduate school of education for over ten years , where she is widely credited with elevating penn gse to enhanced national stature by `` focusing on themes of urban and international education and broadening involvement with schools in underserved communities ... '' prior to her service as dean at pennsylvania , fuhrman taught at
is the ceo and co-founder of tri-b nursery located just west of hulbert , oklahoma . berry graduated from
took over for dennis wolff as the head coach at
was educated as a boarder at christ 's hospital school . at seventeen , he was awarded a scholarship to
was born in summit , new jersey , and moved to cleveland , ohio when he was six years old , where he graduated from cleveland heights high school in 1976. he attended
he recanted some utterances . in 1539 or 1540 he may have visited germany and switzerland , but by 1542 he had entered
was an episcopal divinity school of higher education at the colorado university schools campus at golden , colorado . built in 1872 by the missionary bishop george maxwell randall , matthews hall 's purpose was the train future episcopal clergy for work in the frontier region of colorado . the school was named after its major benefactor , nathan matthews , esq . of boston . its building , designed by architect thayer from boston , was created to complement is sister schools jarvis hall and the territorial school of mines on campus . it was a beautiful combination gothic and second empire styled brick edifice with a central bell tower entrance and ornamental brickwork . inside matthews hall featured on the first floor a chapel , professors ' rooms and lavatory ; the second floor housed a 1,500 volume theological library , recitation rooms and students ' rooms ; and the third floor housed students ' dormitories . the building starting in 1873 also housed the natural history wing of the jarvis hall museum , organized by prominent matthews hall graduate
swimming section was created in 1916 and is one of the most successful swimming teams in portugal . its most famous swimmer was
( may 16 , 1986 in eugene , oregon ) is a reporter based in the usa . she is an alumna of
( ; born 1956 ) is an american computer programmer . he graduated from
( born june 10th , 1983 ) grew up in a musical family , with his mother being a singing teacher and his father owning a recording studio . ramsay also shared the love of music and started a solo career at the age of 14. he later needed a supporting band and recruited high school friend matt webb and local musicians morgan hempsted and steve marshall . josh ramsay attended high school at
. warner graduated from the
, o.s.b . is the president of new england 's third oldest catholic college , saint anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire . growing up in bristol , rhode island , he graduated from portsmouth abbey school in 1965 , and then attended saint anselm college , earning a bachelors degree in philosophy in 1969. seeking to be a monk , he entered
was born and raised on the northern plains in iowa . he graduated from
was educated at
( born 1970 in london ) is a british pianist and composer . he specializes in avant garde music . he was educated at
tisch school of the arts - collaborative arts project 21 musical theatre conservatory for her undergraduate studies . she has played leading roles from
wrote of a method known as traumatic incident reduction ( tir ) . he is an
is the current head men 's and women 's cross country coach at
( born 1977 ) is a hungarian professor and astronomer at the university of arizona . he is known for his studies of exoplanets , planet formation and his contributions to reconcile the properties of planet-forming disks around others stars with the early solar system . he studied physics at the
was born in shanghai , china in 1909. shen was educated at
performed superbly in the durand cup final,1950 played between mohun bagan and hyderabad police . in 1951 , he played against some foreign teams namely , philippines , france , hong kong , singapore , burma and japan . after his retirement from the mohun bagan ac , talimeran ao studied medicines at
went to school locally in lancashire and then went into his father 's cotton business while still finding time to continue his education at owens college , the establishment founded with a bequest left by john owens , a successful manchester cotton merchant and first set up in a house in deansgate , manchester , once occupied by richard cobden . owens college developed into the
was educated at
( born 1962 in france ) is a professor of french linguistics at glendon college , york university . she received her ph.d. in french linguistics from the
is a guitarist , ex-member of therion , lithium and demonoid bands . he studied jazz at
was born in waynesburg , pennsylvania , united states . he attended
in 1920 under the supervision of aurel stodola . from 1921 to 1927 he worked with
brought in his last star recruit : baton rouge high school phenom lester earl . earl lasted 11 games at lsu before he was suspended . he transferred to the
in cincinnati , ohio and was a student and a letterman in football , basketball , and baseball . in football , he was named as a first team all-city selection , a second team all-district selection , and a first team all-conference selection .
was born in boningale in shropshire in 1966. he attended
was the son of a london businessman and was raised in the comfortable suburb of ealing . he was educated at the
was born in new haven , connecticut to puerto rican parents . rios graduated from
was born on 5 february 1864 at bothwell park farm , to margaret and william gilchrist , a prosperous farmer , and was the younger sister of the scottish agriculturalist , douglas alston gilchrist . educated at bothwell primary school , marion gilchrist ( as had her brother before her ) entered hamilton academy , the prestigious fee-paying school in nearby hamilton , south lanarkshire . in 1887 gilchrist matriculated at
and the ryerson university school of journalism 's graduate program . he grew up in hamilton , ontario and attended high school at bishop ryan catholic high school , where he was
was born on 27 january 1919 and died on 16 may 2009. he was educated at
is an american choral conductor and music educator . from 1985-2011 he was a member of the faculty of the college of music at the university of colorado at boulder . during his tenure at cu he held the post of associate director of choral activities ( 1985-1992 ) , director of choral activities ( 1992-2008 ) , and director of choral studies ( 2008-2011 ) . kaptein retired from the cu and the college of music in the spring of 2011. during his twenty-six year tenure at the university of colorado , kaptein conducted the university choir ( primarily undergraduate music majors ) and the university singers ( graduate students ) , taught undergraduate and graduate choral conducting , and served as administrator for the undergraduate and graduate choral ensembles and for cu 's nationally recognized graduate choral conducting program . kaptein served as chair of the conducting faculty from 1995-1998. in 2009 , kaptein founded the colorado conductors ' chorus - a thirty-voice , mixed choir composed entirely of choral conductors and music educators working in the denver metropolitan area . the primary mission of the ccc was to provide choral music professionals with a high-level , post-baccalaureate degree choral experience as a means of elevating choral singing in colorado 's public and private schools . additionally , kaptein arranged for inservice credit to be offered to ccc participants through cu 's division of continuing education . the ensemble has performed to critical acclaim since its founding . professor kaptein received two student-based teaching awards during his career at cu : the 2007 marius smith award ( cu parents association ) and the 1998 residential life teaching award ( office of campus residential life ) . under his leadership , cu choirs distinguished themselves through juried performances at both national and divisional conventions of the american choral directors association ( acda ) , made four concert tours to europe - being awarded third prize at the tolosa international choral festival in 1992 , appeared at numerous conventions of the colorado music educators convention , and made many in-state tours with university ensembles . the performance of the university choir at the 1991 national acda convention in phoenix , az has frequently been cited as the genesis of the multi-cultural choral movement in the united states . that convention appearance , which included several african folksongs ( incorporating movement and use of authentic percussion instruments , ) was a programming approach that had previously never been tried at a national choral convention . kaptein remains a champion of ethnic choral literature , contemporary american works , and the much-overlooked secular choral repertoire . he has published articles ( primarily dealing with rehearsal pedagogy and american choral history ) in the `` choral journal , '' `` american choral review '' and was a contributor to `` an annotated listing of distinctive high school choral repertoire '' published by the american choral directors association . his `` list of ethnically-inspired choral repertoire '' has appeared in numerous state and regional choral publications over the years . during his seventeen-year tenure as artistic director of the cu 's annual 'holiday festival ' ( formerly the 'festival of christmas ' ) , weekend audience size grew to well over 8,000 patrons . the content of the program also began to broaden in scope emphasizing the inclusion of various holiday traditions and diverse seasonal repertoire . this event has now become a major financial resource ( primarily funding music scholarships ) for the college of music . kaptein received degrees from
( born 23 january 1921 ) is an italian sculptor . while working for the stabilimento artistico bertoni company , he created the fifa world cup trophy . gazzaniga was a graduate of the
, regarded as the father of surfing , and buster crabbe , who later became an actor . he attended the
( born november 27 , 1972 in winnipeg , manitoba ) is a former field hockey forward from canada , who earned a total number of 69 international caps for the women 's national team during her career in the 1990s . she started playing hockey in high school ( grant park h.s . ) in winnipeg . hunter studied occupational therapy at the
, as issue no . 2 of its architectural review included designs for a fountain by
studied philosophy , political science , and sociology at the universities of belgrade , berlin , and zagreb . he received his ph.d. in sociology at the
was educated at yale university , receiving a b.s . in physics in 1945 , and at the
and ermaline delora lockhart . father is of french , scot-irish and cherokee heritage and mother is of english , scot , irish and choctaw heritage . his father luther , quit school in 6th grade to help work and take care of his sharecropper parents ( also of very limited education ) and his siblings . his mother delora finished high school . jackson finished high school and graduated in the class of 1974 , heavener high school , heavener , oklahoma . jackson also attended
( born may 15 , 1942 ) is a member of the black panther party . he was chief of staff in the party . he is currently a visiting instructor at the
is a graduate of
, a graduate of
is a native of cincinnati , oh . she was born october 30 , 1972. she attended
was educated at
( born october 7 , 1946 in jersey city , new jersey ) is an american biochemist , the deputy director ( intramural ) of the national institutes of health ( nih ) in the united states , and also chief of the laboratory of cell biology at the national cancer institute ( nci ) within the nih . he graduated summa cum laude in biochemical sciences in 1966 from
( 23 september 1894 -- may 5 , 1947 , miramar , havana , cuba ) was a cuban politician and attorney . he obtained his law degree from the
was born in long reach , new brunswick , near the port city of saint john , in 1907. he attended teachers college in fredericton , new brunswick and taught school in woodstock , new brunswick . later on , he graduated with a bachelors of arts degree from
in coconut creek , florida and was a letterman in football . in football , he was named the team 's defensive m.v.p and was an all-county selection .
( born 13 october 1978 ) is a brooklyn based contemporary artist . he received his m.f.a . in sculpture from virginia commonwealth university in richmond , va ( 2004 ) , his b.f.a . from
( born melbourne , 1952 ) is an australian composer . brenton broadstock - australian composer - was born in melbourne , australia . he studied history , politics and music at
was the younger brother of tuba player bill benford . he studied music at the
was born and raised in pittsburg , kansas . he grew up playing many sports including football , basketball , and baseball . meier attended
( born 1969 ) is an american author from princeton , new jersey . he graduated magna-cum-laude with a degree in social studies from harvard university in 1991. some of his books have been written under the pseudonym holden scott . mezrich attended
, 5th earl of longford , of the second creation , in the peerage of ireland , he was educated at
attended warner avenue elementary school . she then went to crossroads school for the arts and sciences for middle school and high school . in 2007 , port graduated from the
( born 1965 ) is a british composer and sound engineer . he attended
when he was eleven years old , and after shaking hands with the president , reportedly refused to wash his hand for a week . he attended public schools , and in 1938 graduated from
was born on the wind river reservation in wyoming in 1970. her mother , jeri ah-be-hill , owned a trading post on the reservation , while greeves was growing up . `` by repeating to customers what i heard her saying when she was selling to and educating the public , '' teri says , `` i unknowingly gained a broad knowledge of different beadwork from tribes around the us . '' greeves took up beadwork at the age of eight . although she is primarily self-taught , she also received instruction from zeedora enos ( shoshone ) and calvin magpie ( cheyenne ) . greeves attended the
is an associate justice on the connecticut supreme court . he was born on may 27 , 1950 in hartford , ct. he received his bachelor of arts phi beta kappa , from
, ll.d. , ph.d. ( 1848-1908 ) was an american zoologist , born in cleveland , ohio , march 25 , 1848. he was educated at
( ) ( born 14 september 1936 ) was a soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 110 metre hurdles . he trained in leningrad at
was born in indaraptnici , bessarabia . he graduated in 1963 from the technical school of architecture , and in 1968 from the
( 1923 -- 1987 ) was born in ferniegair , hamilton , but grew up in cardenden , fife , scotland with a crippling handicap that affected his feet . he attended
-- chairman and ceo , africa.com , and former managing director , investment banking division goldman sachs . ms. clarke also served on the board of the student sponsorship partnership in new york for several years and chaired the new sponsorship recruitment committee . she currently is a member of the council on foreign relations , a board member of southern africa legal services ( legal resources centre ) , and a board member of the tony elumelu foundation in nigeria , and a board member of the opportunity agenda in new york . ms. clarke holds a ba in economics cum laude from
( born in june 1970 ) , in havelock , north carolina , is an american author living in hong kong . he attended the
has received his first musical education at the age of six , studying piano and harpsichord . in 2006 , he graduated in music education and composition from the
was born on 11 august 1947 in marang near kuala terengganu , terengganu , malaysia . he received his education from
( born 3 july 1962 in harrow , england ) is a retired english footballer who played as a striker . throughout his career , he played for bury , leyton orient , burnley , doncaster rovers and hull city . he also briefly attended pinner sixth form college
graduated from the
( born december 11 , 1959 ) is a mexican flute player . she was born in mexico city where she started her musical studies ; she later attended the
. in 1977 , thompson met chilean phenomenologist francisco varela when varela attended a lindisfarne conference which was organized by thompson and gregory bateson . thompson received a ph.d. in philosophy from the
, a kentucky congressman , to attend the
( born 3 may 1942 ) has served as a judge of the supreme court of ireland since 2000 and was an advocate general of the european court of justice from 1995 to 2000. he was educated at
. in the 1860s he emigrated to new york . he attended
( b. israel , 1939 ) , is a prominent israeli attorney . he received his ll.m ( cum laude ) from the
was an opera singer and doctor born in álamos , sonora , mexico in 1893. his musical talent was apparent early in life , but he studied at the
was educated at depauw university , receiving a b.a . in political science in 1966. he then attended the
was born to a noble greek family in 1665 , in candia on the island of crete . his family were originally from constantinople and his father was a doctor by profession . due to the ottoman conquest of crete the family migrated to venice when andreas was an infant . andreas began studying in his adolescence , he ultimately studied law and mathematics at the
( born 25 march 1949 ) is an american fiction writer and teacher . she has published steadily since her work first appeared in print in the mid-1970s . she is the author of ten novels , and innumerable essays and book reviews most of which have appeared in maine newspapers and publications , including down east magazine . she has taught literature and writing at
, a noted journalist and minor politician , by charlotte , daughter of matthew talbot . sir edward baines was his younger brother . he was educated at richmond school and
. there he met a group of young cartoonists , including joe orlando , frank frazetta and al williamson . frazetta noted , `` i met
( b. april 6 , 1982 ) is a male crew rower who qualified for the prestigious eight-man rowing competition of the 2008 summer olympics in beijing , competing for the united states . boyd graduated from saint paul
( ; born ranveer singh bhavnani on 6 july 1985 ) is an indian actor working in the hindi film industry . born in mumbai , india , singh had always wanted to be an actor since his childhood . however , during his college days he felt that the idea of acting was far-fetched and focused on creative writing . while pursuing his bachelor of arts degree from
received an a.b . from
( a physical therapist ) , together with carl delacato ( an educational psychologist ) , developed an approach to treating children with brain injury , published in 1960 in the journal of the american medical association ( jama ) . glenn doman received his degree in physical therapy from the
in caledon east , ontario . while at the school he formed a close relationship with two drama teachers , roberto f ciccotelli and frank adriano .
was born in 1898 , the son of the rt . rev . james macmanaway , church of ireland bishop of clogher . he was educated at
was born at the columbia hospital for women in december 1964. he is a political activist and anti tax advocate . massoud graduated from
( born 1967 ) is a history professor at university of california , berkeley . fluent in classical greek and arabic , she also understands coptic , latin , and syriac , and speaks modern greek and english fluently . she formerly taught at
was born on june 23 , 1961 , in houston , texas . she grew up in southern california . as a teenager , she was a competitive equestrian three-day eventer . she attended
was born in igarra in the akoko-edo local government area of edo state nigeria on 5 december 1954. he obtained a bachelor of public administration degree from the
was born to joseph stanton , a salesman , and wanda haggard stanton , a nurse , in evanston , illinois . she received her b.a . from the
is a nationally recognised american circus performer , and a founding member of both the comedic troop brothers kaputnik and circus kaput . josh trained at the
was elected a corresponding member of the austrian academy of sciences . in 1993 he received the `` german-austrian university-software award '' for the development of educational cad-3d programs . in 2004 he received the steve m. slaby award . on november , 1st 2010 hellmuth stachel received a honorary doctorate from the
with a double major in political science and drama . his career was launched at a summer stock festival in edinburgh in 1966 , with a review that read , ``
, a native californian , studied at the
began studying the violin at the age of three . his first violin teacher was geza szilvay at the east helsinki music institute . in 1983 he enrolled in the
, jr. ( born february 20 , 1971 in tallahassee , florida ) . during his tenure as a professional athlete with the cleveland browns , baltimore ravens , and new orleans saints , williams was able to excel as an undrafted free-agent out of florida a & m university . williams attended
, grandson of daniel falkiner , and his wife dorothy faure , daughter of henry faure . falkiner was educated at
( born 1963 ) is an american scholar who writes on freemasonry . a practicing attorney in kansas , he received a master 's degree in american history from the
( 1460 -- september 27 , 1539 ) was a spanish bishop born in becerril de campos , spain . he studied theology at the
, mostly playing the center position . he graduated from samford in 2008. he attended
studied architecture at argentina 's universidad nacional de tucuman . he graduated with honors from the
, then studied at
received his ph.d. from
, richard roy `` head '' west ( piano ) , and billy pat `` spider '' ellis ( drummer ) -- graduated from wink high school in june 1954. orbison , ellis , and joe ray hammer enrolled at the
( ) was born in boydsville , tennessee , in 1882. he received his undergraduate and master 's degrees from
is an award-winning british actress and playwright of nigerian descent . williams trained at
is an american anthropologist who specializes in arapaho language and culture . he received his ph.d. from the
is a british tv and film composer . he attended
( born january 20 , 1972 ) is an american screenwriter based in los angeles . miro studied screenwriting at the
was born in white plains , new york , to james and joanna ( née ray ) gibbons , who were irish immigrants . his father was a laborer who helped build the new york state capitol . after graduating from niagara university in 1887 , he studied at the
frs mp of ewhurst park and his wife jane annette campbell , daughter of edward campbell . he was educated at
is an only child , her parents are both lecturers in information technology who emigrated from india in 1972. she was educated at the private school
( born 19 september 1960 , sofia , bulgaria ) is a bulgarian writer and playwright . she graduated in english language studies from the
( born 3 august 1990 in bulawayo , zimbabwe ) is an english rugby league player with halifax . he attended
is an herbalist and acupuncturist who founded the institute for traditional medicine and preventive health care , inc. ( itm ) , which operates two clinics in portland , oregon and engages in a variety of educational and charitable projects related to traditional medicine . dharmananda has traveled to china several times , between 1977 , when travel became possible , and 2001 in the interests of studying traditional chinese medicine . he received his phd in biology from the
was born in tudun wada , kano , in 1954. he studied political science at
, and members of the hanover high school golf team . the four practice holes are remnants of a nine-hole course designed and constructed in 1932 by
was born in brooklyn , new york in 1937. he completed his undergraduate degree at the university of michigan where he also served as editor-in-chief of the michigan daily newspaper . after earning his ba in english literature with distinction and honors in 1959 , he moved on to
( born march 9 , 1954 ) is the author of the book breathing space : a spiritual journey in the south bronx ( beacon press ) . she grew up in summit , new jersey and now lives on the upper west side with her husband gregorio orellano of manhattan , and has two children , ana and hans . rev . neumark received her undergraduate degree from
( born c. 1974 ) graduated from nyu 's
( 1842 -- 1913 ) , edward lull cochrane was born at mare island , california in 1892. he entered the united states naval academy in 1910 and was commissioned as a navy ensign upon graduation in 1914. during world war i , he served at philadelphia naval shipyard and transferred to the navy 's construction corps . he graduated in 1920 from the
was the son of samuel grant . he was educated at
where he majored in spanish , french , and history , and was also involved in the school 's drama club . he graduated in 1923. he then enrolled in harvard law school where he graduated with a law degree in 1926. after returning to indiana he took a job with the franklin county prosecutor helping out on cases for three years . he married fellow franklin college graduate
was born into an air force family . her parents met in germany , but returned to her mother 's hometown of norfolk , virginia , several months prior to her birth . walker spent her childhood years in numerous military towns , until her parents divorced in 1979 , at which time she moved with her mother to a predominantly jewish section of suburban long island . she attended long island 's
attended her secondary school classes at
( born may 9 , 1985 in gwangju , south korea ) is the former bassist of the all-woman band kittie . she joined in august 2005 along with tara mcleod . doan is a niece of sudbury , ontario mpp rick bartolucci . in addition to bass , she has also played guitar since the age of 13. she has several body modifications : piercings include a 14g tongue stud , two 16g lip rings , 18g nose stud , 18g nose ring , 00g stretched ears , 2x 12g ear lobes , 4x 16g lobes , and 14g helix , and several tattoos , including one on her left wrist of a formation of the symbol gwangju , the city in which she was born . in 2006 , doan graduated from
. after the war he studied at the
( 31 december 1804 -- 18 may 1866 ) , also known by the pen name father prout , was an irish humorist . he was born in cork , ireland , to martin mahony and mary reynolds . he was educated at the jesuit
often followed in the footsteps of his older brother , lord digga , learning various things about the music business . as a producer on the notorious b.i.g 's album ready to die , digga often took his little brother to recording sessions at the studio , which later on influenced him to become a rapper . at only 14 years old , stimuli , as kid dynamite , appeared on masta ace 's album slaughtahouse . before continuing with music though , stimuli focused on his other love , basketball playing at brooklyn technical high school http : //www.bthsalumni.org/document.doc ? id=29 , heading to iowa to play ncaa division 1. in 1997 , he studied at the
, a decorated marine in world war ii who was an officer in the observer group and the commanding officer of its successor , the amphibious reconnaissance battalion . having spent his formative years in france , where he attended the american school of paris , he returned to the united states to attend the georgetown university
( born february 24 , 1981 , in montreal , quebec ) is the co-creator of the animated television series league of super evil ( l.o.s.e. ) . he also participated in the animated television series storm hawks as a junior designer . his last animated short film ( glitch ) was awarded with nine best animation awards and one jury prize . he studied at
( born february 21 , 1989 in burnaby , british columbia ) is a canadian figure skater . he attended
, the victim of a famous british miscarriage of justice . she was educated at
was born in june 1705 in the vicinity of halifax , yorkshire . his mother died three months after his birth . his father , an anglican clergyman , died when david was only fifteen . he was educated at
, ph.d. ( 1866-1947 ) was a college professor of zoology at vassar . he was born at redding , connecticut , and educated at wesleyan university ( b.s. , 1888 ; m.s. , 1890 ) and at the university of chicago ( ph.d. , 1898 ) . he was professor of zoology and geology at miami university ( 1891-1900 ) , professor of biology at vassar ( 1900-14 ) , and afterwards professor of zoölogy . in addition to his work in the schools , he was instructor at the
, was a politician who served five terms as mayor of denver . he received his secondary school education at
( born november 9 , 1942 in peterborough , ontario ) is a politician in ontario , canada . he was a progressive conservative member of the legislative assembly of ontario from 1995 to 1999. carroll was educated at the
( born 1980 ) is an australian electronic musician who records under the names mieli and twotone . ryan gobbe studied music production at the
was born in pietermaritzburg , south africa in 1947. his father emigrated from india in 1906 and had set up a hardware shop there . he died in 1964 so it was decided that one of the sons would take over the shop while another would go for further education . moosajee travelled to dublin in 1965 where he studied medicine at the
was born in toronto , and now lives in winnipeg , manitoba . bridgman received her bachelor of arts degree ( classics ) and her bachelor of music from the university of toronto , and her master 's ( interdisciplinary studies ) and phd ( anthropology ) from
( died 1995 ) was an american bowler specializing in duckpin bowling , although when duckpin lanes began disappearing in the 1960s she switched to in ten pins . born in west virginia , allen attended the woman 's college of the university of north carolina ( now known as
( march 22 , 1856 -- january 21 , 1913 ) was a u.s. politician who served as north dakota 's first secretary of state from 1889 to 1892. he was born in lesja , norway , but his family emigrated to north america in 1867 , settling in watonwan county , minnesota . he was graduated from mankato normal school ( now
, the first british prime minister . he descends through robert walpole 's father robert walpole . he was educated at eton and
historic district . near the entrance to tech tower , a historical marker maintained by the georgia historical society commemorates this listing as well as the early history of the georgia tech campus . on may 22 , 1998 , tech tower was officially renamed the
is a native of philadelphia pa and graduated from saint joseph 's preparatory school in 2000. afterwards , he attended
and catherine geldart . he was educated at mount allison wesleyan college and taught school for two years . weldon returned to mount allison , receiving an m.a . in economics . he went on to study at
was born on june 7 , 1931. he was educated at doluwa maha vidyalaya in gampola , a town just outside kandy . he was a student at the faculty of arts ,
studied orchestral conducting with jorma panula at the
. he graduated from high school at brigham young academy ( bya ) in provo , utah in 1889 with a normal certificate , then taught at brigham young college in logan , utah , and later studied at the
is a music video director in the philippines . he has directed close to 50 music videos . he trained as a film and video director at the
is a political science professor at the university of virginia . he is an expert in government budget policies and budget theory . he completed his undergraduate degrees in political science and psychology at the
( 1972- ) http : //www.identitytheory.com/people/birnbaum25.html is an american author . originally from new york city , she lived in iowa for eleven years . among her works are osprey island , the good people of new york , and out of the girls ' room and into the night . she has taught a fiction course at least once a year since the inception of the iowa young writers ' workshop , a two-week intensive creative writing workshop `` camp '' for talented high school students , except in 2006. she has also taught at the iowa writers ' workshop , iowa elderhostel . nissen is a graduate of
, o.s.b . is the president of new england 's third oldest catholic college , saint anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire . growing up in bristol , rhode island , he graduated from portsmouth abbey school in 1965 , and then attended saint anselm college , earning a bachelors degree in philosophy in 1969. seeking to be a monk , he entered saint anselm abbey as a junior , in 1968 , professing his solemn vows as a benedictine monk in 1973. thereafter , he studied at st. john 's seminary in boston , and in 1974 was ordained as a roman catholic priest . in 1983 , defelice received a licentiate in canon law from the
. in his second year he interrupted his studies to work as a deck hand on a sailing ship . after a year he resumed his studies and obtained a ba at stellenbosch university .
's `` the system of doctor tarr and professor fether '' , and partita a pugni ( 1953 ) , about a boxing match . his output also includes chamber music , as well as some symphonic and choral works . he studied at the
was born ( as thomas richard arnold ) in london on 25 january 1947. he is the son of thomas charles arnold , a theatrical producer . young tom arnold attended the
( born 1947 ) , also known as lawrence j. magid , is an american journalist , technology columnist and commentator . he was born in brooklyn , new york and raised in los angeles . he received his ba from the
, and their only child , mark , a graduate of
( born 30 september 1952 ) is a molecular biologist . he graduated from the
was born in longview , washington on february 13 , 1935. he attended
was born in 1886. he graduated from alabama polytechnic institute , now known as
was first educated at
( 14 may 1925 -- 3 june 2007 ) was a new zealand actor . he was educated in australia at
grew up in williamstown , massachusetts , and graduated from
was born in hartford , connecticut in 1716. the son of thomas bidwell , a wealthy merchant involved in the triangular trade , adonijah had a comfortable childhood . as a young adult , adonijah bidwell attended
( born 1956 ) is an american author and poet . she was born in petersburg , virginia . in 1979 , she earned a ba from the
. after her parents divorced , she moved with her mother to bozeman , montana . she attended the high school ,
( born 1939 ) is a nigerian painter . a native of abatate , aniakor received his first artistic training at ahmadu bello university , receiving his master 's degree in 1974 ; he received a doctorate in art history from
is an internet personality . while he is a graduate of the
( born january 26 , 1979 ) is an american television soap opera writer . she was born in memphis , tennessee and attended
is a professor of chemistry at new york university . goldberg received his b.s . from
and his wife may gibson , but moved to london at the age of two . he was educated at ampleforth college , harvard university , the sorbonne , and
is a musician and composer of film and television scores . he created the soundtrack of the science fiction animated series æon flux , and has composed music for many other shows includingcrazy cars , fanboy & chum chum , the wild thornberrys , the grim adventures of billy & mandy , and aaahh ! ! ! real monsters . he studied film , animation , and composition at the
graduated from the university of southern california in 1947 and successfully completed an mba from the same university . he earned his ph.d from
is a zoologist . she was once the co-director of sweeney granite mountains desert research center , mojave desert , ca and adjunct professor ,
, a current judge on the missouri supreme court is a 1981 graduate of
is the mcclelland professor of management information systems at the university of arizona and the director and founder of the artificial intelligence lab ( ai lab ) . he received a b.s . degree from
graduated from north texas state university with a bachelor of music degree in music theory in 1978. she went on to study composition with lumila ulehla at the
received a phd in 1960 from
, a new student at
, who had studied under liebig at the
was born in tokyo in 1975. in 1985 , his parents moved to boston in the united states for work . when at a ymca summer camp , verbal was first exposed to hip-hop music , in the form of run -- d.m.c . 's `` it 's tricky '' when the other children sung the song on the bus for the camp . he was impressed and influenced by the hip-hop culture of new york , and at 14 years old he started writing lyrics in english . his parents moved back to tokyo , and verbal attended
. he received his bachelor 's degree from the university of chicago in 1896 and remained there for a year of post-graduate work . he played for amos alonzo stagg 's chicago maroons football team in 1895 and 1896 , and also played for the stagg 's chicago maroons baseball team in 1895 , 1896 and 1897. he was the captain of chicago 's 1897 baseball team . chicago 's baseball team compiled records of 15-5 , 19-11 , and 17-4 during the three years clarke was a player . in a review of the 1897 baseball season , outing magazine wrote : ``
was born on november 2 , 1970 , at holy name hospital in teaneck , new jersey , one of three sons of antoinette and thomas pernetti . pernetti grew up in wyckoff , new jersey and went to sicomac school for k-6 and dwight d. eisenhower middle school for 7th and 8th grades . he then attended
is an irish-american , educator , counselor and author . he was born in 1960 in waterville , maine . born william sumner davis , jr. , he is the author of several books on social and science history including the controversial ' '' 'heretics , `` `` the natural history primer losing faith and the pseudoscience just smoke and mirrors . davis ' early life was heavily influenced by the late carl sagan . like sagan , davis is an outspoken critic of many nations use of nuclear arms ; his essay a model of thermonuclear extinction has been widely printed since original publication in 2002. a severe dyslexic , davis did not learn to read until age eleven , and because of early educational experiences , has become an outspoken proponent of alternative educational programs and a critic of u.s. public school systems . davis attended the
was born and died in oppenheim . from 1885 she studied composition under knorr , violin under rebner , piano under friedberg and organ at the
is an american novelist and children 's book author who lives in minnesota . she is currently an instructor at
( born 10 december 1969 ) is a british actor , best known for playing greg kelly in coronation street ( for which he won the 1999 british soap award for villain of the year ) . he has worked with many leading film directors , including peter greenaway , franco zeffirelli , and mel gibson . he trained at
received his diploma in economics from the
( born june 22 , 1945 in hobbs , new mexico ) is the iowa state representative from the 6th district . he has served in the iowa house of representatives since 2004. he received his ba from
( born august 20 , 1973 ) is an american actor . he is best known for playing the role of chad harris-crane on the television soap opera passions . he graduated from
graduated from
, fourth son of thomas fremantle , 1st baron cottesloe . he was educated at
is a kenyan politician . he belongs to the orange democratic movement and was elected to represent the cherangani constituency in the national assembly of kenya since the kenyan parliamentary election , 2007. the mp was born in 1978 at kipkeikei in cherangany . he is married with one child . kutuny graduated in 2006 from
. the high school was able to share space with the college because , during the 1959-1960 school year , the high school consisted of only the 9th and 10th grades .
studied with his brother augustinus terwesten , willem doudyns , and daniel mijtens the younger . in 1695 he traveled via berlin to rome , where he stayed until 1699. in rome he became a member of the painters ' circle known as the
was born in suva , fiji on 22 november 1967. her father , vijay raghwan , is a builder and president of fiji masters builder association . after completing her primary education at veiuto primary school and secondary education at suva grammar school , she studied at the university of madras , india graduating with bachelor of science majoring in botany . she later studied at the
was educated at
, sr. , is a former associate justice on the boston , massachusetts municipal court and a former state representative . he is a graduate of
grew up in whitestone , new york , the youngest of seven children . he graduated from
, before attending the webber douglas academy of dramatic art in london , from which he graduated in july 2001. he became robert cameron on graduation from drama school before re establishing his birth name in his professional name , becoming
was born to the stage , with oscar-nominated screen actor laurence harvey as her father , and model paulene stone as her mother . she was educated at the private
was raised and brought up in cairo , egypt . he was born in an artistic family and environment , his father was a theatrical writer , critic and a script writer . in the seventies , he founded the egyptian musical group `` sunshine '' and performed on cairo stages . after high school he studied music , harmony and music composing at
is a filipino mixed martial artist and the head coach and founder of team lakay wushu . he is head coach of the cordillera chapter in baguio for wushu and a seasoned martial artist with past experience in kickboxing , tae kwon do , and jiu-jitsu . mark is also a martial arts instructor at the
( born 21 january 1995 ) is a british teen actress best known for her role as liliana `` lily '' brown in nanny mcphee . she attended
( 1791 -- 1880 ) was a church of scotland minister . he was a graduate of
and then gained an raf scholarship to worcester college , oxford , where he graduated in 1983 with first class honours in mathematics . he qualified as a fighter pilot on f-4 phantom and tornado f3 aircraft , and later became officer commanding operations wing at raf wittering .
studied at the
graduated from
was born to a kakar afghan family in 1894 in kabul , afghanistan . he graduated from
and elizabeth towle . brooks was educated at
was born on november 25th 1866 to a greek catholic family in the historic town of deir el qamar . aftimus attended school at collège des frères in his hometown as of 1875. in 1879 he transferred to the syrian protestant college ( later known as the american university of beirut to complete his studies where he graduated with a bachelor of arts degree . aftimus taught arabic at his university for two years and co-authored an arabic grammar textbook before he left for new york where he studied civil engineering at the
was born and raised in aliquippa , pennsylvania and is the son of first-generation immigrants . he was educated in public schools in his hometown and worked to earn his way through
is a musician best known for playing guitar with matt nathanson and paula kelley . tap grew up in lexington , massachusetts and graduated from lexington high school ( massachusetts ) . he earned an undergraduate degree in english from
, is a 1948 graduate of the
founded the tolkien ensemble in copenhagen in autumn 1995. at that time , caspar reiff ( 1971 ) was studying guitar at the
is an american screenplay writer and painter . born in new jersey , he is a graduate of
is a writer/director whose short film `` tub '' world premiered at the sundance film festival in 2010. it went on to play cannes , sxsw , and other film festivals around the world . miller is currently head writer and director of `` figgle chat '' with youtube 's fred figglehorn . he 's a 2009 graduate of
was educated at
( born 22 august 1942 ) is a british composer who studied trombone initially at the
anchors lex 18 news at 5:00 , 5:30 , 6:00 , and 11:00. she joined lex 18 in july 1992. she attended both
( born september 16 , 1958 in adrian , michigan ) is an american composer , pianist , and music critic . he studied composition at the
. daniel meyer graduated from southwest texas state ( 1957 ) and became an engineer at southwest research institute in san antonio , texas . he soon started writing hobbyist articles . the first was in electronics world ( may 1960 ) and latter he had a 2 part cover feature for radio-electronics ( october , november 1962 ) . the march 1963 issue of popular electronics featured his ultrasonic listening device on the cover . don lancaster graduated from
( november 5 , 1916 , bruck an der mur , styria -- february 19 , 2009 ) was an austrian mathematician . he was a leading number theorist . hlawka did most of his work at the
was born in scotland , the daughter of a prominent harley street neurosurgeon . she was educated at
( march 18 , 1934- ) is an american literary critic . malin attended
hails from a family of carnatic musicians settled at kuthuparambu near kannur , north kerala . he had his early lessons in music from his parents , learning carnatic music up to the age of 20. while he was a student at the
graduated from
is an american software engineer and author . he received his b.s . degree in physics from the
has worked in several places , one of which includes china . in china he was an instructor at the
( born 1963 in kraków ) is a polish poet and journalist . he has a degree in polonistics from the
attended the oklahoma state university -- stillwater and the university of texas at arlington before going on to receive two degrees from wright state university ( b.s . in mathematics , 1970 ; m.s . in mathematics , 1972 ) . she attended grad school at the
( september 12 , 1867 -- september 25 , 1925 ) was a canadian lawyer , judge , and politician . born in grand river , novsua scotia , the son of donald and annabella ( murchison ) finlayson , finlayson was educated at the
attended the
( born in 1942 ) is a short story writer and professor at the university of arkansas . she formerly taught at
( `` queen '' ) and anunda ( `` joy '' ) . she attended the private
( september 14 , 1864 -- october 4 , 1947 ) was born at wakefield , virginia in isle of wight county , virginia , but was raised in surry county , virginia . his preparatory education was received at hanover academy in hanover county , virginia after which he attended massachusetts institute of technology for two years and
was born in philadelphia . he received a doctorate in education from widener university , a masters degree in education from the university of pennsylvania , and his bachelors degree from
, but also singer and pianist shirley horn , pianist billy taylor , and saxophonist frank wess . ellington , taylor and wess each attended
, who worked on the inuit and the tlingit ; and anthropologist , folklorist and novelist zora neale hurston , who graduated from
. he graduated from the college of william and mary in 1811 and was admitted to the bar in 1813 , starting practice in frederick . he held several local offices before being elected to the united states house of representatives representing maryland 's fourth district . he served only one term , march 4 , 1821 to march 3 , 1823 , and was not a candidate for reelection . nelson received an a.m. degree from
, frederick hemke and steven mauk , saxophone instructor at
( arabic : عاطف ابو بلال ) is a palestinian footballer currently playing for hilal al-quds as a full back and winger . he received his first call up to the palestine national football team in 2010 against sudan . he has since played for palestine at the 2010
received a yo b.e . with honors in engineering physics from the school of engineering at the university of michigan ( 1985 ) . he received a ph.d. in applied physics from
is an associate professor of anthropology at columbia university . he received a ph.d. from cornell university . prior to joining the faculty at columbia , pemberton taught at the
and basketball 's most improbable dynasty . he is a 1987 graduate of bristol central h.s . in bristol , connecticut and a 1991 graduate of
was born in dallas , texas , and raised in san antonio , texas . he began acting on the stage at age 16 at texas military institute . he earned his bachelor of fine arts degree in acting from new york university
, a vmi graduate , who , as a captain , was the commanding officer of two heavily reinforced rifle companies of the third battalion , twenty-sixth marines from january 21 to april 14 , 1968. during the entire period , colonel dabney 's force stubbornly defended hill 881s , a regional outpost vital to the defense of the khe sanh combat base during the 77-day siege . following khe sanh , dabney was nominated for the navy cross for his actions on hill 881 south . but his battalion executive officer 's helicopter carrying the nomination papers crashed -- and the papers were lost . on april 15 , 2005 colonel william h. dabney , usmc ( ret ) was awarded the navy cross in a ceremony at
, born 1932 , is the lester wolfe professor emeritus of physics at mit and co-director of the mit-harvard center for ultracold atoms . he is the winner of the 2005 wolf prize in physics http : //web.mit.edu/newsoffice/2005/wolf.html , and the 2007 frederic ives medal . prof. kleppner has also been awarded the national medal of science ( 2006 ) . together with robert j. kolenkow , he authored a popular introductory mechanics textbook for advanced students . kleppner graduated from
was born in 1848 as the son of lieutenant general baron vinogradov stessel . he graduated from the
voiced a star trek news segment for the monday show as a co-producer sharing the duties with traffic director jen collins-smith . jen collins-smith and bryan kreutz graduated from
( نوارة نجم , ) ( born in cairo in 1973 ) is an egyptian journalist , blogger and human rights activist based in cairo , egypt . daughter of the leftist poet ahmed fouad negm and islamist thinker and journalist safinaz kazem , she obtained her ba in english language from the
, esq. , of lyndon , one of the ancient family of le hunt . his mother was amy , daughter of sir thomas cave of stanford , northamptonshire . he was born at morcott in rutlandshire , whence he was sent to eton college , and afterwards to
is president and chief executive officer of the new york public library . he attended
( born december 29 , 1921 , toulouse , died september 21 , 2011 , paris ) was a french composer , teacher and analyst . he studied at the
graduated from
was named head basketball coach at
was born to chaudhry kishori lal kamboj , a renowned personality , in the village of fatehpur in then ambala district of haryana , india which is now a part of yamunanagar . his grandfather chaudhry kundan lal kamboj was also a known social activist in ambala district . he is an alumnus of
was born on march 28 , 1942. hamilton became dean of the manship school of mass communication for his civil service and 20 years of experience with journalism . hamilton now has the position of executive vice chancellor and provost of louisiana state university . hamilton graduated from marquette and boston universities with a baj and ma in journalism . he continued his education at
was born on june 12 , 1972 in nushki , baluchistan . he got early education from nushki . he graduated from
was born to john and hilda shawcross in germany , whilst his father was teaching english at giessen university . he was educated at
( and ken piper ) when he was nine years old . later , he attended the
is a graduate of the university of london where he studied at the school of oriental and african studies and the london school of economics ( ba 1986 ) . he was a student of islamic studies under middle east experts , professors eli kedouri and p.j . vatikiotis . gilbert has an mba degree from
at reading and at
( born december 16 , 1975 ) is a former american football quarterback who last played for the columbus destroyers of the arena football league . he played quarterback at
started learning to play violin at the age of 9 , and studied with john waterhouse and others in winnipeg . he made his first broadcast at the age of about 12 and formed a trio at age 15. in 1927 he won a dominion of canada scholarship award to the
was born in omaha , nebraska on november 28 , 1984. he graduated in 2004 from
was a college basketball head coach for the
was born in greenport , new york on october 12 , 1945. she was educated at
and celeste ( smith ) carleton . in 1869 , he graduated from
was an american football player . he attended
( 1950 -- 2000 ) was a u.s. episcopal priest and missionary in the sudan . born to mennonite parents in reedley , california , nikkel studied at the california state university school for the visual arts and at fuller seminary before converting to anglicanism . in 1981 he began teaching at bishop gwynne college in mundri , sudan . in 1984-1985 he studied at the
as spies . long had also been a member of the communist party and an undergraduate at
was born in the united states in 1975 and moved to england when he was eight . he is the brother of artist chantal joffe . he studied fine art at the
( born august 9 , 1981 ) is an american ice hockey player . she won a bronze medal at the 2006 winter olympics . at the games in turin , she played 60 minutes and had 10 saves . she graduated from
began his studies at
attended the
( born todd baechle , pronounced `` beck-lee '' ) from omaha , nebraska is the lead singer of the band the faint . he attended
or ghulam hussain chaudry shaheed , hj , born in 1926 , was a pakistan army officer who received hilal-i-jurat for his action in indo-pakistani war of 1971. he graduated from the
attended
and ellen gavin . after graduating from the sarnia collegiate institute at the age of 16 , he enrolled at
) . bin laden was educated at
, a caterer . jordan is named after his father and has no connection with basketball legend michael jordan . his family moved to newark , new jersey when he was a boy and he attended
and king 's college london . in 1858 he entered business as a solicitor at the firm of his uncle , also named
is an animation director who has worked on several comedy shows , including directing duties on the grim adventures of billy and mandy , two episodes of the critic , nine episodes of futurama and two episodes of king of the hill . sheesley also worked as an animation timer on rugrats go wild ! ( in 2003 ) and as an animator on a wish for wings that work in 1991. in his earlier career brian worked as a layout artist on the ren & stimpy show . brian is currently an animation director and supervising director on camp lazlo . he studied in the character animation program at the
was educated at the
was born in kingston-upon-thames , england , and began composing at age twelve . she studied composition at
( 高橋 由伸 , born april 3 , 1975 ) is a japanese professional baseball player from chiba , japan . he currently plays right field for the yomiuri giants , and is one of the most well-known players in japanese baseball . he graduated from
( , born 1944 ) is a palestinian american historian , who is fluent in english and arabic . born in jerusalem , he received his ph.d. from
( born may 1945 ) is a bbc radio 4 continuity announcer . he was educated at the independent
. he graduated from the
played baseball his senior year at
was born in 1977 in fiji , and moved to new zealand as a child . she attended
is a welsh conductor and the current music director of portland , oregon 's columbia symphony orchestra and olympia , washington 's olympia symphony orchestra . edwards ' conducting career began at age seventeen when he became music director of the maidstone opera company in england . he later attended the
, born in south wales , moved with his parents to england and sang in choirs as a child . he witnessed his first opera ( giuseppe verdi 's un ballo in maschera ) at eleven years old when his parents took him to the royal opera house in covent garden . seven years later , he was on that same podium conducting w. s. gilbert and arthur sullivan 's operetta h.m.s . pinafore . edwards has been conducting since age seventeen , when he became music director of the maidstone opera company in england , a position he held for six years . edwards attended the
( 17 november 1708 -- 5 december 1754 ) was an officer of arms at the college of arms in london . anstis was born in st clement danes , westminster , and was the seventh child and eldest son of john anstis and his wife , elizabeth . he was educated at
of the middle temple and his second wife , fortune , daughter of sir william garway . blount was educated at
was born on his family 's estate at head of elk in cecil county , maryland about 1740. he was educated to the law and admitted to the bar , and practiced in baltimore . from 1774 to 1776 , he attended the
was the son of an colonel alfred james booth ( 1875 -- 1937 ) , a career army officer and veteran of the spanish-american war and world war i. donald booth attended hawaii 's punahou school , and high schools in san antonio , texas , albany , new york , and patchogue , new york before graduating from leavenworth high school in leavenworth , kansas in 1921. he graduated from the
( born arthur kadyshes ) is an american former financial adviser . raised by his grandmother in northeast philadelphia , kade attended college at
graduated in architecture in 1971 at the
( chinese : 陈胜尧 ) is a malaysian politician from the democratic action party . he was born on 26 may 1942 in kota baru , kelantan . after attending primary and high school in kelantan and penang respectively , he furthered his education at
was born in new york city . kosann began studying photography at the age of 16 during a summer at the international summer academy of fine arts , in salzburg , austria . she then attended the international center of photography in new york , rhode island school of design , école des arts at the sorbonne in paris . she received a bachelor 's degree from
is one of the leading poets , essayist and translator of bangladesh . born in jamalpur , bangladesh , in 1950 , he was educated at
( born may 21 , 1984 ) is an american basketball player who has played international professional basketball in hungary and australia . the 6'5 `` shooting guard graduated from mckinney high school in mckinney , texas in may 2002. he then attended
a professor of electrical engineering at the university of maryland , college park . he obtained a bsee degree from purdue university in 1955 , an ms from stanford university in 1957 , and his ph.d. in electrical engineering from the
; in 1997 he received the titles of commander of the legion of honor from the french government and new york city cultural ambassador from the city of new york ; in april 1999 he received the commander cross of merit of the polish republic ; in march 2002 , the president of germany , johannes rau , awarded him the cross with star of the order of merits of the federal republic of germany ; in september 2007 , the president of germany , horst köhler , bestowed upon him the great cross of the legion of honor with star and ribbon ; in september 2008 , he received the furtwängler prize in bonn , germany . masur is also an honorary citizen of his hometown brieg . in 2001
was born in macon , georgia in 1964 to parents bob lee smith and teresa smith . christopher n. smith grew up in houston county , georgia . after graduating from warner robins high school , he attended the university of georgia in athens , georgia . christopher n. smith received his bachelors of business administration degree in 1988 , and in 1991 he received his juris doctor degree from the
is a professor of southeast asian history at the university of washington , seattle . he received his b.a . in history and philosophy from
studied at the
studied with oliver knussen at the
and his wife rosetta née french . he was born in newcastle upon tyne and when around four years old was boarded out with a couple in hutton , essex where his parents were living . he later attended the
was born and raised in west seattle , washington , the son of john and lois constantine . in 1980 , he graduated from west seattle high school , where he was student body president and an eagle scout . he attended the university of washington ( uw ) , receiving a bachelor of arts in political science and graduated as a member of the phi kappa sigma fraternity . constantine also served an internship with washington 's 34th legislative district representative phil talmadge . while attending law school , constantine worked as a disk jockey for the college radio station kcmu . in 1989 , constantine earned a law degree from the
was born on 1 november 1939 to group captain m. w. b. knight dfc and his wife s. e. f. knight . group captain knight was a decorated officer with the raf , noted for founding squadron 485 , the new zealand squadron . he was educated at the roman catholic school
wok which has sold over 7 million in 62 countries throughout the world . hom 's range of ready cooked meals has sold over 60 million units . he has also developed an array of cooking sauces , ready cooked noodles and rice . however , these are available only in the uk . despite semi-retirement , he travels extensively worldwide and divides his time between france and bangkok where he supervises his restaurant maison chin . he continues to make occasional radio and television appearances worldwide , as well as working for a number of charities . on 12 september 2007 , hom received an honorary doctorate from
( born august 17 , 1967 in staten island , new york ) is a former american football tight end that played for ten seasons in the national football league for the washington redskins as a blocking specialist on offense , winning super bowl xxvi during the 1991 season . jenkins attended
, whom lives in the third ward area of houston , attended
( , ) ( born april 1 1913 in patras -- died may 26 1993 in athens ) was a prominent greek sculptor . he spent his early childhood in patras but his family moved to athens in 1919. he studied at the
( born september 15 , 1944 ) is an american soap opera producer . born and raised in santa monica , california , scott earned a b.a from
was born in logan county , illinois on july 20 , 1845 , the son of joseph orendorff and elizabeth ( stevens ) orendorff . joseph orendorff was a farmer and a miller ( his father , alfred orendorff 's grandfather , christopher orendorff , built the first water-powered gristmill in the county ) . joseph orendorff died in 1853 ; with his mother , alfred then moved to lincoln , illinois , where he attended normal schools . alfred orendorff was educated at illinois wesleyan university . during the american civil war , he organized a company of the 123rd illinois volunteer infantry regiment and was commissioned as the company 's captain . after the war , he attended
, was profiled in marie claire in november 2007. after graduating from the university of michigan with excellent marks , alexander went on to
( born 1956 ) is an australian writer , journalist and teacher . she studied journalism at the
( november 6 , 1949 ) is a republican wisconsin politician.born in warren , ohio , petak graduated from
, ( born june 18 , 1963 in montreal , canada ) is a researcher in the field of social and psychological resilience and is principal investigator for the resilience research centre at dalhousie university , in halifax , canada , where he is a professor at the school of social work , a post that he has held since 2001. he completed his msw at mcgill university in 1988 and his ph.d. in social work at
( 1918-1983 ) was an american psychiatrist and writer on female sexuality , she received her medical degree from
) and allis ( sherman ) van voorhis . he graduated a.b . from
( born 1986 ) is an american comedy writer and director from malverne , new york . his first feature film was the newest pledge . he is a graduate of
, jr. , was born on july 15 , 1903 , in east hampton , new york , to a military family . his father u.s. army signal corps colonel samuel reber ( 1864 -- 1933 ) was an 1886 graduate of west point and his mother cecelia sherman miles ( 1869 -- 1952 ) was the daughter of a lieutenant general . he attended
attended the
. it was at this time that he met uzikwendu and his brother , ikechukwu , who was then an aspiring hip-hop artist out of washington heights , new york . the trio went on to form the world famous akademy , a brotherhood of musicians . they planned to grow into an independent record label but could not get their hands on the proper funds .
( born february 13 , 1953 ) is a president for the philadelphia eagles . banner , who is jewish , attended the
, graduating b.a . in 1537 -- 8. he was chaplain to archbishop cranmer , and vicar of headcorn , kent , in 1548 , and may be identical with the
is a member of the royal waturuocha family of aborh mbaise local government area in imo state . she is the youngest of 4 siblings . her late parents were medical practitioners ; her father was a medical doctor and her mother a nursing officer . dominic completed her primary and secondary school in abia state , nigeria , before heading to the
was the son of a grain merchant and he attended
ley c. harrison attended the united states military academy at west point from 1990-1994. he graduated in the top 1 % of his class in all three categories ; academic , physical & military earning him a distinguished honor graduate award and a b.s.e in theoretical economics . after graduation , brad served for five years in the united states army , earning both airborne and ranger qualifications and retiring as a captain . after a successful military career , brad attended the
was born in canterbury , in kent . she was educated at
was born in new york to a family of russian émigrés with a long military and political tradition ; his great grandfather was an admiral in the white russian fleet who was assassinated by bolsheviks , and his great-great-great-grandfather ivan pouschine participated in the decembrist revolt in 1825. klebnikov attended
, an mlb relief pitcher for oakland athletics , the new york mets , and the chicago white sox . he graduated from
had coached one game for auburn earlier that year , in february . he was an alumnus of
received her bachelor 's in music and ma in performance from
was born at ottery st mary in 1656 , the son of richard newte . he was educated at
, a barrister and member of the legislative council , who later became the chief justice of the supreme court of western australia . his mother was amy leake , a member of the influential leake family which included , among others , george leake ( 1856 -- 1902 ) , the third premier of western australia . he was educated at
was born in avoca , pennsylvania . he graduated from the
graduated from the
, born in lahore , pakistan , was surrounded by music since childhood . his father , masood hasan , passion for jazz music influenced him throughout his early years . after graduating from government college , lahore , mekaal studied music at the
, where he studied as an alumnus of borromeo college , and afterwards joined the staff of the ospedale maggiore in milan . later he was an instructor at the universities of turin ( from 1884 ) and pavia ( 1899 ) , and in 1900 was appointed professor of clinical medicine in pavia . today the
is an american screenwriter . he is a graduate of yale university as well as an alumnus of
graduated from benjamin e. mays high school in atlanta . he attended the
and liang qichao , among others . encouraged by chao , he went to paris to study linguistics in 1927. there he devoted himself to the study of phonology , and attended the class in theoretical linguistics given by joseph vendryes . he earned his phd from the
is the current editor of economic theory . he obtained his phd at the
graduated in economics & international studies from
( born january 2 , 1988 ) is a bulgarian orienteering competitor from veliko tarnovo , who has competed for bulgaria at two world orienteering championships , in 2007 and in 2008. he obtained a bronze medal at the
( november 19 , 1885 -- april 24 , 1968 ) was the 7th president of the ohio state university . bevis received a bachelors degree from the university of cincinnati in 1908 , a degree from
was born in rochester , massachusetts , about fifty miles south of present day boston , on tuesday september 5 , 1797. he was the son of elisha ruggles and mary clap who also parented six other children : nathaniel , micah , henry , charles , james , and lucy . william was the second youngest child in his family . not much is known about his childhood growing up in massachusetts until he enrolled in
student
attended
graduated in 1932 from
received her political science degree from
( born 1951 ) is a great barrier island-based sculptor and painter of ngati wai māori descent . she first studied at the
( born may 9 , 1962 in elizabethtown , pennsylvania ) is a united states long-distance runner and coach . among his accomplishments , he took a bronze medal at the 1991 world championships in athletics . he graduated from
. his mother was maud du puy of philadelphia , pennsylvania . his elder sister was the artist gwen raverat , and his younger sister margaret married geoffrey keynes , the brother of the economist john maynard keynes . his younger brother william robert darwin was a london stockbroker . darwin was educated at
was educated at
in fort valley , georgia , where he starred in football and track . in football , he won all-america and all-state honors as a wide receiver , free safety , and punter . in track , he won regional titles on the 100 and 200 meter dashes . he also played wide receiver at the university of south carolina .
and composition with harry farjeon . he was a student at
( march 31 , 1910 -- february 6 , 2000 ) was a german mathematician . he studied topology at the
at the san francisco conservatory of music ( 1959-62 ) and at
, born in londrina , brazil in 1969 , is a composer and computer music researcher living in ireland . after studying music in the local conservatory , victor went on to study for his b.mus . ( composition ) at the
in 1931 with his interests focused on archaeology . during 1932 , wauchope accompanied
was born to british parents in langebaanweg , south africa . his father mickey was a journeyman club bowler and his mother joan was an ardent spectator who never willingly missed a match . he attended
attended
in 2006. since 2007 ,
and harriet musgrave . he was educated at
minnis in manassas , virginia . kley attended the
was born 1968 , royal oak , michigan , usa . she graduated in 1989 from
( 顾肃 , born april 1 , 1955 , jiangsu , china ) , is a chinese liberal political philosopher and was professor of philosophy and law at nanjing university , china . after graduating from nanjing university , he studied at
, a native of california and a graduate of
grew up in kingston upon hull , east yorkshire where he attended
was born in new york city . she attended the
campus in houston , texas . located at 3875 holman street , it is home to the university of houston cougars men 's and women 's basketball teams as well as the women 's volleyball team . the building is named for the late wife , irene cafcalas `` dene '' hofheinz , of houston politician , businessman and philanthropist judge
( born may 1979 ) , and adam ( born august 1981 ) , and graduated summa cum laude from
was born in baldwin , long island and raised in astoria , queens . after a stint in the engineering program at cuny , he received his degree from
( j. roderick ) coutts was born in cookstown , ontario . he graduated from
, under whom he had studied at the
performers were well suited to become hollywood stars ... . in short ,
led a colorful and turbulent life . his childhood took him from berlin to riga and kiev , to copenhagen . he received his first piano lessons in kiev 1935-1937. after world war ii , he was admitted to the
earned his b.a . at bloomsburg state college ( now bloomsburg university ) in 1968. he did academic work at
is an american singer/songwriter and musician born in baton rouge , louisiana but now lives in nashville , tennessee . he graduated from
( ) is an indian born south african physician , poet , and artist his paintings depict dramatized stick figures . he studied medicine and did his postgraduate studies in orthopedic surgery at the
spoke only greek when he began elementary school . he served as a sergeant in the u.s. army during world war ii and a first lieutenant in the u.s. air force during the korean war . he received his ba in economics in 1951 from
is currently on faculty at the university of british columbia . previously she was the co-principal flute of the bbc symphony orchestra . she moved to canada in 1998. lorna has performed in many orchestras , such as the london symphony orchestra , academy of st. martin in the fields , and pittsburgh symphony . before teaching at ubc , mcghee taught at the
enrolled at the
is a dj and musician living in new york city . born and raised in gainesville , florida , scott began playing the piano and singing at the age of 5. he won numerous piano competitions as a child . at the age of 18 , scott moved to philadelphia to attend the
is an american author and sculptor . he received a ba from yale university and an ma from the
was born 1905 in oakland , california . she received an ab and ma from
earned a b.a . degree from ( united brethren ) lebanon valley college in annville , pennsylvania . he earned a bachelor of divinity degree from his denomination 's only seminary ,
, portrayed by rocky carroll , first appeared in the episode `` internal affairs '' as assistant director in season 5. he is named director after the death of jenny shepard . it has been revealed in the episode `` knockout '' that he was originally from ohio , but grew up in chicago where he trained to be a boxer . in this episode , his wife stated that vance attended the
mohammed ( born 1982 ) is the 2003 miss world contender from ethiopia . her name in arabic means `` life . '' hayat ahmed was ethiopia 's first representative to any miss world pageant . at the time of the competition , she was a third-year student at the
was an american politician and a member of the united states house of representatives for the 4th congressional district of tennessee . he was born on june 20 , 1834 in van buren , tennessee in hardeman county . he completed preparatory studies and graduated from union university in murfreesboro , tennessee in 1854. he was an adjunct professor of mathematics and languages at that institution . he graduated from cumberland school of law at
( though the two did not cross paths at this time ) . olsdal began playing music in his school 's orchestra in 1987. he completed his high school education in sweden and moved to london with his parents , where he attended the
is a 24-year old retail business manager from ashtead , surrey . he was educated at the state comprehensive therfield school in leatherhead , surrey and at the
was born in whalley range , manchester the son of the reverend john macfadyen , a congregationalist minister and his wife elizabeth ( née anderson ) who came from greenock . macfadyen attended lynams preparatory school , also called the dragon school in oxford from where he won a scholarship to go to clifton college , bristol . he later attended
and christ church , oxford . he was a scholar and research student at christ church between 1933 and 1939 , taking a first-class degree in modern languages in 1936. he served for six years in the british army , being commissioned into the queen 's royal regiment in 1939 and transferring to the intelligence corps in 1944 , where his knowledge of modern languages found employment . in 1941 he married vera broido , with whom he had a son , the writer
was born in kincardine-on-forth in 1842 , the youngest of six boys . he lost his parents at the age of 15. he was educated at
( 22 september 1872 -- 13 march 1927 ) was an english conductor . he was born in london to an english father and an austrian mother . after initial training from his mother , who had been a piano pupil of friedrich wieck , he entered the
( april 21 , 1926 - september 30 , 2007 ) is the former mayor of north augusta , south carolina , u.s. , from 1967 -- 1971 and a member of the south carolina house of representatives from 1972-1977. he was born and raised in fort valley , georgia , u.s. , and served in the naval air corps during world war ii . he attended the
, the son , graduated at
received an mba from
in 1860 , then studied at harvard university from 1861 to 1864 , where he was a member of delta kappa epsilon ( alpha chapter ) . ( later in life , lincoln also joined the delta chi fraternity . ) he then enrolled in harvard law school but did not graduate . much to the embarrassment of the president ,
and royal holloway , university of london , where he received an honours degree in history ( medieval and modern ) and was one of the founder members of the award-winning student radio station , insanity . here , ayass hosted the breakfast show `` the morning after '' , which once famously involved a prank phone call utilising the talents of contemporary andré walker , which ended up inadvertently getting through to downing street . the show was originally going to be called ``
has produced the canadian olympic athletes jason tunks , three-time summer olympian discus-thrower , heptathlete jessica zelinka , and speed skater christine nesbitt , gold-medalist at the 2010 winter olympics in women 's 1000 m and silver-medalist at the 2006 winter olympics in the women 's team pursuit .
( born january 7 , 1970 seattle ) is an american film director , screenwriter and film producer . he attended college at saint mary 's college of california , graduating with a bachelor business administration , and was the founder of smctv , st mary 's college television station . twohy then studied at university of southern california in graduate film studies . he graduated from
received a bachelor 's degree in management from the university of southern california and a juris doctor from the
was one of the first radio talk show hosts in the nation to broadcast his shows in both english and spanish , in order to reach a large and growing latino audience in southern california . paul mcguire frequently had nationally known attorney 's and legal defense guests on his show including brad dacus of the
is an american writer , of short stories . he was born and raised in east texas , and served in the united states marines . he graduated from the
james conaway in salisbury , maryland and was raised in seaford , delaware . he was the youngest of two children . his brother , everett thomas ( tommy ) conaway , jr. , 4 years his senior , died of cystic fibrosis at 12 years of age . in his early childhood , jesse was familiarly known as `` freddy '' before legally dropping the james conaway from his name in his later teens . this was done in an attempt to distinguish himself from the legacy of his father , everett t. `` conny '' conaway , sr. ( 1915-2010 ) . conny was a prominent figure in the poultry processing industry . during his unprecedented 70-year career , the senior conaway designed and built some of the earliest processing plants for allen family foods , frank perdue and preston townsend , all of which are still operating today . in early adolescence , jesse attended
was born in 1810 in mount holly township , new jersey , the son of rev . daniel higbee and his wife beulah hollinshead . he was educated at
, a student at booker t .
.
is professor of psychology and institutional research and assessment coordinator at soka university of america ( sua ) . he was previously assistant professor of psychology at minnesota state university , mankato from 2000 - 2002. he received his b.a . from
attended the
graduated from the
attended
, jr. goldwyn 's paternal grandparents were movie mogul samuel goldwyn and film actress frances howard . she is the sister of actor tony goldwyn and producer john goldwyn . goldwyn attended
is a 1979 graduate of the
( born december 29 , 1957 in harlingen , texas ) was a football player in the cfl for five years and in the nfl for five years . holt played tight end for the british columbia lions from 1978 -- 1982 , the cleveland browns from 1983 -- 1986 and the san diego chargers in 1987. he played college football at the
( 11 may 1909 - 1 december 2001 ) was an american film director , who was well known for working in indian films , predominantly in tamil cinema , from 1936 to 1950. he was an alumnus of the
was born in september 1963 in heilongjiang province . he graduated from
received his mfa from the
attended
or kwaku darko-mensah jnr . is a ghanaian-canadian singer-songwriter . kae sun 's music has hints of soul , folk and hip-hop creating a sound that is sometimes described as urban folk . kae sun 's debut album lion on a leash , was released on october 5 , 2009 to very favorable reviews . kae sun immigrated from ghana to canada in his teens after graduating from the renowned achimota school in accra where he first started performing . he studied multimedia and philosophy at
. he attended
, a shoemaker , and his wife ann , ardent members of the baptist communion . he was educated at
is a 16-year-old student at
( 1917 -- 2004 ) , known as ed wallace to his friends and associates , was a preeminent physical chemist whose career coincided with the golden age of chemistry . he received a bachelor 's degree in chemistry from
is a new orleans , louisiana , writer . for years best known for light-hearted writing in the times-picayune , he gained greater attention for his chronicles of the effect of hurricane katrina on new orleans since 2005. he left the paper in late 2009 , and joined the new orleans alternative weekly paper , gambit weekly , in mid february 2010. he moved to wvue fox news 8 a year later ( http : //www.fox8live.com/content/entertainment/chris_rose/default.aspx ) , where he now delivers his pungent commentary on new orleans life by video and column . rose graduated from the
received from
( january 23 , 1905 -- july 9 , 1990 ) was an american basketball player and coach . nicknamed the ''silver fox '' , stanley is best known for holding the `` unbreakable '' record of guiding five different illinois high school association ( ihsa ) schools into the state tournament . he gained national prominence by coaching beloit college to a 238 -- 57 basketball record from 1945 to 1957 while guiding them to an nit berth and a final ap rank of # 16 in 1951. collectively , stanley coached six high school teams as well as beloit college , compiling 943 total victories ( 705 high school , 238 college ) . he finished his career in 1989 at
, ( january 26 , 1865 -- april 12 , 1932 ) was an american astronomer and magnetician , born in cincinnati , ohio . he graduated from the university of cincinnati in 1888 , and immediately started work for the united states coast and geodetic survey . during 1895-1896 he was instructor in mathematical physics at the
is a canadian cartoonist . he was born in england and raised in quebec . he is an instructor at
. in september 2008 , hughes attended
attended keuka college and graduated with a b.s . in nursing in 1972. with a strong interest in education , she has been on the keuka college board of trustees since 1992 and was elected chair in 2010. she subsequently received her masters degree in nursing from
in 1799. then he studied law at albany , new york , was admitted to the bar in 1807 , and practiced in watertown . he married rebecca pearce , and their children were anthony ten eyck , catherine ten eyck , lydia maria ( ten eyck ) mullin ( married to judge joseph mullin ) , robert ten eyck and
attended
was his younger brother . he was educated at eton and
was born in rochester , new york . he was educated at
( born 13 july 1963 ) is a scottish curler and world champion . he won a gold medal as skip for the scottish team at the 1999 ford world curling championships in saint john , new brunswick . he has received five gold medals at the
attended
's greeting , `` hello from the children of planet earth , '' was recorded and placed aboard nasa 's voyager golden record . launched with a selection of terrestrial greetings , sights , sounds and music , the voyager i and voyager ii spacecraft have since left the solar system and are now the most distant human-made objects in the universe . he went to the mirman school as a child and received his bachelor 's degree from the
was born in madison , wisconsin in 1951. he grew up a third culture kid , spending time in indonesia , turkey , and brazil as a child and young adult . goin received his ma and mfa from the
, formerly of the nfl new york jets , graduated from
was raised in acton . he attended silverdale prep school followed by colet court and st paul 's of london . he graduated in 1984 with first class honours from christ 's college , cambridge , where he specialized in mechanics , fluid dynamics , thermodynamics and nuclear engineering . in 1990 he graduated from
was born in los angeles , ca on june 16 , 1971. she later grew up in phoenix , arizona and las vegas , nv with her sister and two younger brothers . having received a full academic scholarship to the university of nevada , las vegas , she enrolled in the honors program in the fall of 1989. graduating cum laude , she then went to medical school at the university of nevada , reno . needing to move to los angeles her final year of school , she completed her studies at the
( ; born 1962 in the republic of ireland ) is professor of government and international affairs and director of the government and international affairs program , virginia polytechnic institute and state university , national capital region campus . toal grew up in the border region of ireland , in the village of smithborough , county monaghan . he received a b.a . in history and geography from
was born in kangiwa ward in katsina city . he was educated at
student ,
was born in greenville , north carolina . boyd 's skills for improvisation had their roots in church , where his father was a minister . at the age of 12 years , jesse recorded his first album with his family . the same year he also recorded several other gospel albums . at age 18 , he moved to los angeles , where he discovered the possibilities of rock and played with many touring bands . back in new orleans , he went back to a more acoustic sound and started to play upright bass again . not only did he return to play jazz , but also classical music . during his time as an undergraduate in loyola university new orleans he studied with betsy heston . he studied with bill huntington and ellis marsalis at
is one of two personal trainers on the australian version of the biggest loser . he made his first appearance during the show 's second season in 2007 , where he trained the blue team alongside bob harper . after bob 's departure during the second week of training , shannan was left as the official trainer of the blue team , and he continued his role as the blue team 's trainer during the show 's third season in 2008. he attended
is the sports director for ctv winnipeg and a sports anchor and reporter for the sports network . churchill has also worked at ckx-tv then moved to a winnipeg to work as their sports anchor and sports reporter . his career has found him covering multiple grey cups , world curling championships , pan am games and the memorial cup . churchill graduated from
to salem , who appreciated his abilities , resulted in his taking his college studies at the lawrence scientific school of
is a visual artist and curator . he was the creator and publisher of toby room which featured interviews and work by contemporary artists . his direction of the arts organization artrod led to the creation of the tollbooth gallery , which he curated with fellow artist jared pappas-kelley . lent studied at the
( born 1951 ) is an american sculptor and figurative painter who was born in gonzales , louisiana and grew up in st. amant , louisiana . he received a bfa from
was born on september 7 , 1953 , in dayton , ohio . he received a b.a . from the
( born march 13 , 1980 ) is an american rower . he won a bronze medal in the men 's eight at the 2008 summer olympics . inman was raised in oregon where he graduated from
was born in providence , rhode island on may 2 , 1921. he studied at
received her b.a . in linguistics at the university of texas at austin and her ph.d. from the
was born on april 5 , 1973 , in virginia beach , virginia , the eldest of three sons of carolyn , a teacher , and williams , a handyman . he met chad hugo in a seventh-grade summer band camp where williams played the keyboards and drums and hugo played tenor saxophone . they were also both members of a marching band ; williams played the snare drum while chad was student conductor . with hugo , williams attended
is a reporter for the new york times . he reports of business news , especially in the automobile industry , and writes the `` wheels '' blog on the new york times website . bunkley previously reported for the detroit news and the northwest herald . he attended the
mendoza ) was born in fajardo , puerto rico where she received her primary and secondary education . she was an honor student and graduated from `` nuestra señora del pilar '' school . she then enrolled in the
studied mathematics at
was educated at inala state high school in brisbane and enlisted in the australian army in 1968 as an apprentice . he graduated from the
was appointed by premier robert ghiz as minister of environment , energy and forestry on january 13 , 2009. he previously served as minister of innovation and advanced learning from april 3 , 2008. he was appointed as minister of development and technology june 12 , 2007. minister brown was first elected to the prince edward island legislative assembly in a by-election in the riding of charlottetown-kings square in november , 1997. he was subsequently elected in september , 2003 and again in may , 2007. prior to his election to the legislative assembly , he was recognized as a highly-effective member of charlottetown city council . minister brown has served as opposition critic for the provincial treasury , development and technology , labour , energy and the environment . he has also sat on a number of legislative committees , including the standing committee on agriculture , forestry and the environment , the standing committee on community affairs and economic development and the standing committee on privileges , rules and private bills . minister brown completed his bachelor 's degree in business administration at the
( born april 23 , 1982 in loysville , pennsylvania ) is a field hockey forward from the united states , who earned her first career cap versus ireland on january 14 , 2004 at stanford , california . loy attended the
is a specialist of french renaissance literature and culture at the university of delaware in the usa . he graduated from
( born maria t. aviso ) is a weather anchor for kttv-tv in los angeles , california . she studied journalism at the
( 13 july 1827 - 28 july 1886 ) , born scarragh , county down , on 13 january 1827 , was fourth son of james miles reilly of cloon eavin , co. down , by emilia , second daughter of the rev hugh montgomery of grey abbey . he was educated at
( born may 5 , 1977 ) is a sri lankan film director , writer , and producer . he grew up in the eastern province of sri lanka and completed his bachelor of arts degree at the university of sri jayewardenepura in 2005. in 2008 , he obtained his master 's degree in mass communications from the
graduated from
( born 30 july 1978 ) is an american actor , from worthington , ohio , usa . he attended
( june 22 , 1940 - november 15 , 2004 ) was a philosopher and theologian . he graduated from georgetown university in 1962 , and went on to earn a master 's degree in physics from the university of delaware in 1966. he then attended the
is an american abstract artist . he was born in 1947 in an ethnically diverse section of los angeles . alan was the middle of three children in a jewish family . he received his b.s . in art in 1971 from woodbury university in los angeles , where he met his first wife who wanted to move to hawaii . also in 1971 , he acquired an art foundry that produced blown glass , sculpture , ceramics and paintings , which contributed greatly to his understanding of art . in 1987 , he received a m.f.a . in painting from the
( 1803 - october 12 , 1875 ) was a surgeon who was educated at london 's
earned her b.a . in english from
, and dirk collins . gavitt , the son of legendary basketball coach and ex-boston celtics ceo dave gavitt , grew up in providence , rhode island and spent summers on cape cod . he was a high school all-american lacrosse player and graduated from the university of north carolina , where he won a national championship . he is a former university of maryland assistant woman 's basketball coach , boston celtics scout , and special assistant to the celtics general manager . steve jones grew up on cape cod and spent the weekends skiing in stowe , vermont . he graduated from
was educated at
. in 1981 , he graduated from
( 1876 -- 1912 ) was an american outfielder in major league baseball who played for the boston beaneaters and new york giants in 1901. he went to college at
is a former running back at newberry college , sports agent , mortgage lender , and foot action manager . he graduated from
in the college football season of 2003 , playing their home games in rynearson stadium . they competed in the 2003 ncaa division i-a football season . eastern michigan competed as a member of the mid-american conference ( mac ) west division . the team was coached by
was born in philadelphia on september 14 , 1925. he was raised in conshohocken , pennsylvania . during world war ii , he served as a sergeant in the united states marine corps , seeing service in china and guam . after the war , he was educated at
is a professor in the university of florida college of education . she was the associate dean of the university of florida division of continuing education and in 2008 she accepted the position as interim dean of the division of continuing education . dr. oliver earned her undergraduate degree from the
's first name was taken from the fate of marvin , an epic poem written by her uncle thomas hogg . she endeavored to downplay her unusual name by signing her first name illegibly and having her stationery printed with `` i. hogg '' or `` miss hogg '' . although it was rumored that hogg had a sister named `` ura hogg '' , she had only brothers . hogg 's father left public office in 1895 , and soon after , her mother was diagnosed with tuberculosis . when sarah died later that year , jim hogg 's widowed elder sister moved to austin to care for the hogg children . between 1899 and 1901 , hogg attended the
is a fox sports detroit host and reporter . he was born in madison heights , michigan . he attended
, who became a close friend and mentor . from 1964 until 1968 , he studied musicology at
, sewall was able to attend harvard . sewall graduated from
( born 1941 ) was director of the british board of film classification , ( the `` film censor '' ) , from 1999 to 2004. duval was educated at
( may 21 , 1832 - march 25 , 1917 ) was an american educator who was the 10th president of mount holyoke college from 1890 - 1900. she taught at
grew up in chicago 's north shore , but now lives in seattle , washington , where he is currently working on his next thriller . after attending new trier east high school , he studied journalism at
is a american deaf mountaineer who has accomplished several notable firsts in mountaineering . she was born deaf , and became the first deaf woman in history to reach the top of mt . mckinley on june 13 , 1991. at the top , she unfolded a banner reading `` deaf woman , a parade through the decades '' . on august 15th , 1992 , zimmer became the first deaf person to summit mt . elbrus . on september 22nd , 1994 , zimmer became the first deaf woman to summit mt . kilimanjaro . she has also won a bronze medal in the deaf olympics . she graduated from
is a physician trained in public health and preventive medicine . he holds a b.a . in mathematics from northwest nazarene college ( now university ) and the doctor of medicine and master of public health degrees from the university of washington in seattle . for twelve years he served as epidemiologist at kentucky department for public health in frankfort , ky. since coming to colorado springs , co , in 1997 , finger has worked as a public health physician , medical policy analyst , and medical researcher in several different settings . he served a three-year term on the advisory committee on immunization practices of the federal centers for disease control and prevention , where his lead assignment was to oversee the development and publication of guidelines for use of the meningococcal meningitis vaccine . since 2006 finger has worked with national embryo donation center , knoxville , tennessee . this organization aims to promote embryo adoption as the solution of choice for embryos remaining from infertility treatment procedures . finger performs medical , legal , bioethical , social , and news media research , and speaks and writes on this subject . he also works in a voluntary capacity as an advocate for christian higher education , particularly for his alma mater ,
attended
was born in 1962. he was educated at
. he was educated at
was born to thearesa robinson and russell robinson , sr. in the bronx , new york . robinson attended
, jr. ( born 1951 ) . longley , a graduate of
is the son of an iranian-american surgeon and an italian-american nurse . he was born in pittsburgh and grew up in the boston area and in bedford , new hampshire . in 1979 , he graduated from st. paul 's school in concord , new hampshire , where he was president of his graduating class . he graduated from
( january 21 , 1948 -- april 17 , 2003 ) was a professional american football player who played wide receiver for six seasons for the pittsburgh steelers and the chicago bears . he also played football at the
, a graduate student at
( born april 4 , 1944 ) is the regents professor of history at arizona state university . born in whittier , california , iverson received his b.a . in 1967 from
( formerly josh szeps ) is an australian-born media personality , political satirist , and tv show host . zepps , the son of actor henri szeps , changed his last name from `` szeps '' to avoid pronunciation confusion . josh zepps attended
was born at agona duakwa in the agona east district of the central region of ghana . his primary education was in various schools in the central region . he attended
( born january 29 , 1957 ) is an african-american novelist and award-winning university professor . born in akron , ohio , at the age of 13 her family moved to detroit , where she graduated from lewis cass technical high school in 1975 with a degree in music . she took a b.a . with `` high distinction '' from the university of michigan , ann arbor . after graduating in 1978 she studied french at the sorbonne , and then lived in switzerland , where she studied at the
, is an english painter and graphic designer born in guildford in 1947 , but who was brought up in the village of bramley , surrey , england . he gained international fame for his artwork on the progressive rock albums tarkus and pictures at an exhibition by the english progressive rock band emerson , lake & palmer . he graduated in 1967 at the
and thomas jr. , were born in toledo . he received his phd in biophysics at
graduated from
( born augusta , ga , feb. 25 , 1958 ) is an american composer . she received a bachelor of music degree from north texas state university in denton , tx , and an mm and ( in 1993 ) a dma from
( 1908 -- 71 ) . the first african american cartoonist with a national reputation , campbell was born in st. louis and graduated from englewood high school in chicago . he attended the
went on to attend and graduate from the
initially studied composition with robert gross at occidental college , where he earned a ba in 1964. he received a succession of three alfred e. hertz traveling scholarships from the
, matriculating in 1668 and obtaining his bachelor of arts degree in 1672. he later obtained a doctorate in law and seems to have become a member of doctors ' commons in 1694. when the welsh lawyer and academic sir leoline jenkins -- who had been the principal of jesus college during wynne 's time in oxford -- became secretary of state for the northern department in 1680 ( and later secretary of state for the southern department ) , wynne became his confidential secretary . wynne continued as undersecretary to the succeeding secretaries of state until about 1690 , and was secretary to the commissioners that king james ii sent to william of orange in 1688. he has been described by one historian as `` an early example of the permanent civil servant . '' he was warden of the mint until 1690 and , in 1693 was secretary to the commissioners for prizes . he was the father of the lawyer and author william wynne , who wrote the life of sir leoline jenkins using papers inherited from his father .
( 18 march 1917- 14 june 2000 ) studied sculpture at the
completed his five-year course in fine arts from the charukala institute in 1954 and attended a teachers ' training certificate course at asutosh museum of the calcutta university . he did his post-graduate studies with a scholarship from spanish government and studied sculpture at the central escula des bellias artes de san fernando in madrid from 1956-57. he also studied sculpture , fresco and tapestry at the
, jr. d.d . ( september 12 , 1818 -- 1888 ) was an american presbyterian minister and hymnodist , the son of presbyterian minister george duffield . he graduated from
graduated from
and then harvard university where he wrote for the harvard lampoon with conan o'brien . he met his wife when she was working for nbc and he for saturday night live . daniels began his career as a writer on the hbo satirical news show not necessarily the news before moving to saturday night live . there he spent three seasons at snl , winning an emmy award in the process . greg then joined the simpsons , writing and producing some of the most popular episodes in the history of the series ( including `` 22 short films about springfield '' , `` homer and apu '' , `` bart sells his soul '' , and `` lisa 's wedding '' ) . in 1992 , greg co-wrote an episode of seinfeld entitled `` the parking space '' which aired during the third season . fox teamed cartoonist mike judge with
graduated from the
and zef kurti , and he was also an alumnus of the
( 1927 -- 1990 ) was a british journalist who was editor of the british political magazine the spectator from 1970 to 1973. he was educated at the independent royal grammar school , newcastle and
was born in charleston , south carolina on july 29 , 1949. having spent his earliest years on folly beach and nearby bowen 's island , barber moved to columbia with his parents at the age of 10. after graduating from columbia high school in 1967 , he attended wofford college and graduated in 1971. barber later received a masters of divinity from
day '' . he was invited and gave the mit commencement address delivered on 6 june 2008 , and oxford 's romanes lecture on 2 december 2008. he received the dwight d. eisenhower medal for leadership and service from the
( born 1938 ) is a coordinator of the open access journal , a senior research associate in the east asia program at cornell university , and bartle professor of history and sociology at binghamton university . he graduated from
received an honorary degree , doctor of letters , from the
or gudlavalleti venkata chalapati rao ( వేంకట చలపతి రావు ) was a noted writer , philosopher and an ex deputy commissioner of endowments department in the government of andhra pradesh . he was born in 1915 at gudlavalleru , krishna district , andhra pradesh to venkata ramaih gudlavalleti and suryakantham gudlavalleti . he graduated from
was born in leicestershire , and spent her early years living in stratford upon avon where she attended
is the second oldest of 7 children . pantalone , who is also often referred to as `` joey pants '' , immigrated to canada with his family at age thirteen . his father was a `` pick and shovel '' man who earned his living building the toronto subway system , and his mother was a seamstress . he attended
had a modest upbringing . he graduated from
was a united states army lieutenant during world war ii . he served in the army from 1942 until his death in combat in 1945. wolfgram attended northwestern military and naval academy in wisconsin . after graduating , he attended harvard university for two years until he enlisted in the army in 1942. while enlisted wolfgram attended pennsylvania military college ( now
is a canadian actor and playwright who was born in 1972 in north york , ontario . as an actor he has worked at theatres across canada , including both the shaw and stratford shakespeare festivals . he has written and produced eight plays , the most notable works including richardthesecond , and the multi-dora award winning `` the mill . '' he attended
was raised in haverhill , massachusetts . he attended
was born in the gold coast . he was forcibly taken to the netherlands in 1725 , where he was given to jacobus van goch . capitein excelled at school and announced during his baptism in 1735 that he wanted to return to the gold coast as a missionary . to that effect he studied at
( born 18 august 1920 ) was an australian politician . born in broadford , victoria , he was educated at
studied at both the
, married future four star general david petraeus two months after petraeus graduated from west point . knowlton was superintendent at the time . holly is a graduate of
, a graduate of
( b. holly renee smith , april 1968 ) is a tv spokeswoman , gospel singer , tv host and actress from franklin , tennessee , originally hailing from ohio . mrs watson graduated from
attended
was a descendant of the mills and chase families , who were quakers that immigrated during early part of 18th century from canada to the united states . they formed a part of a colony and established themselves on the north shore of lake erie . the parents of melvin w. mills after a brief residence in canada , moved to michigan , united states . in 1860 his father immigrated to the west and nine years later , his wife and child followed . mr. mills graduated from ann arbor law school at
is the ashkenazi chief rabbi of caracas , venezuela , starting in 1967. he received his bachelor of arts and rabbinic ordination from
was educated at the
was educated locally and then at
began his musical career as a singer at the age of four , performing regularly on local television ( wxyz-tv ) and in uso musical variety shows in his hometown of detroit . during his grade school years , he studied piano and vocals , and at age 13 took up tenor saxophone and played in the mackenzie high school band under director craig strain . later , he also sang in the mackenzie high school choir , under the direction of claire weimer . at age 17 he entered
( 1917 -- 84 ) to be active in congress politics . she entered the
holds a b.a . in psychology from
. he attended
( born 22 march 1933 ) is a swiss writer . born in glarus , she studied psychology and history at the
pujals ) was born in the city of arecibo , puerto rico . her parents were cayetano coll y cuchí , a former president of puerto rico house of representatives . and carmen pujol toste . coll received her primary and secondary education in san juan , the capital of puerto rico . she earned a doctorate in literature and arts from the
was born and raised in san juan , puerto rico . by the age of 23 , he completed his 4 years at
( born june 27 , 1931 ) is an american literary critic and memoirist . she taught english at the
was born in glen iris , a suburb of melbourne , to barrister and doctor robert cole and his wife helen ( née hake ) . he was educated at
, montreal . the multi-channel electroacoustic studio in the department of music at concordia university is named `` the
enrolled at new york university and , in 1946 , received her b.a . in labor economics . she then attended the
was born in taylorville , illinois . he graduated from
( born 1956 ) is a new zealand television broadcaster , currently a sports presenter for tvnz , and most well known for presenting the olympic and commonwealth games since 1988. he has covered six summer olympic games from 1988 to 2008 , and five commonwealth games from 1990 to 2006. bryan was born in kent , england , and moved with his family to australia first and then to wellington when he was a child , in the late 1960s . he completed a degree in political science and history at
and his wife mary babbington . his father was a barrister and vice-chancellor of the high court and his mother the daughter of thomas babington . parker was educated at
in downers grove , il where he was
( born may 15 , 1956 in marysville , california ) is an american professional golfer . she attended
s in london , the only child of eric williams and olwen roose , his wife . his family were london-based wine merchants . he was educated at
( born 1954 ) is an author and professor of history at the johns hopkins university . previously , jelavich was professor of history and chair of the department of germanic studies at the university of texas at austin . he received his phd from
in a 1985 production of john webster 's the duchess of malfi . he graduated from the
was born in baltimore , maryland , in 1924. she graduated from
was born in 1860 , into a chittapawan brahmin family in walkeshwar , mumbai . he was educated at
( born 30 september 1949 in heerlen ) is a dutch architect and urban planner . he studied architecture at the
( born 1977 in south africa ) is a classical pianist . his early studies were with a family member and he later studied with joseph stanford at the
was his natural father . woods had an affair with webb 's mother who was a secretary at the daily mirror when woods was a star reporter . woods though was already married and webb 's mother was separated from her first husband . webb commented that the separation may have been as much his mother 's doing as his father 's , saying `` i do not believe she was abandoned . '' woods provided financially for webb and supported his education at
, who was taught by the founder of the jaipur-atrauli gharana , alladiya khan , and his son bhurji khan . following her studies with her father , sadolikar learnt music for twelve years from gulubhai jasdanwala , who was known for his large collection of raga compositions , including compositions in rare ragas . sadolikar earned a master 's degree from
was born in kabul , afghanistan , to an afghan family originating from kunduz . farhad 's blood lineage can be traced to the nasher khans . darya attended sher khan high school in kunduz , which was named after his grandfather sher khan after whom the sher khan bander khan dam is also named . he started his first band by the name of nayestan , meaning reed-bed . he later graduated from
. bell is a graduate of
obtained masters in computer science from
and his family emigrated to new zealand when he was two years old . serepisos attended
was appointed to the chair from oxford . originally from northern ireland , wilson had studied at
( born dundee , 1950 ) is a former labour leader of edinburgh city council in scotland . he was educated at
took to reading and english classes from an early age . in 1991 her parents divorced and she moved to bellevue . after graduating from high school in 1996 , dena moved to boston where she attended
( 1920-december 16 , 2008 ) was a judge of the united states district court for the district of puerto rico . he received his b.a . from the
obtained his baccalaureate in law and canon law from the
and clarissa ( jones ) fish . he attended
was born in hefei , anhui in 1956. he received his b.a degree from
was born in tulsa , oklahoma . in 1992 , cristo moved to phoenix , arizona with his family . he attended
was born at bishop 's castle , shropshire . he was the son of richard howard , a farmer , and ann howard , née kilvert . he was educated at wrekin college , royal college of science , south kensington , and as foundation scholar , at
. harvard divinity was very much a unitarian school even before unitarianism was defined . harvard divinity school became a national training ground hub for unitarian ministers . some orthodox and evangelical critics called this `` the unitarian takeover of harvard . ''
was born at village babla in bharatpur thana of murshidabad , bengal ( now in india ) and migrated to bangladesh ( the then east pakistan ) in 1948. barkat was the son of shamsuddin . he passed his matriculation from talibpur high school in 1945 and passed the intermediate from the berhampore krishnath college in 1947 , as a student of the university of calcutta . he came to east bengal after the partition of india in 1948 , and resided at his uncle 's house named `` bishnupria bhaban '' . in the same year he got admitted to dhaka university to study political science . he received his honors in 1951 where he stood fourth in the second class . he was a
was a truck driver who wrote science fiction and painted small models . he saw and was upset that someone else created a film that he felt he should have made . he studied how the effects in star wars were done and practiced dolly shots in his living room . he also went to the library at
attended watkins high school in laurel , mississippi . after high school he enrolled in
, a fashion photographer who struggled with schizophrenia and drug abuse . richardson was raised in hollywood , a neighborhood of los angeles , california , where he attended
was born on june 23 , 1862 , the son of summerfield baldwin . he was raised in baltimore and studied at phillips exeter academy from 1880 to 1882. he later attended
attended kent state university in ohio , where he received a bfa degree in painting in 1970. he continued his study of painting at
graduated from
is also a member of the aaa western valley district . the colonels have established strong programs in men 's basketball and football with a group aa state championship in men 's basketball in 2007 and two state runner-up seasons in both sports over the last 15 years .
( born 1977 ) is a canadian voice actress . erin is a graduate of the
( born 5 june 1952 ) is a professor of new testament studies at western theological seminary , in holland , michigan , and has published scholarly works in early christian writings and new testament greek . he received his b.a . in religion from hope college in holland , michigan , his m.div . from western theological seminary in holland , michigan , and his ph.d. in new testament from
is a leading contributor to science studies and in particular to the sociology of mathematical knowledge . his current work focuses on the sociology and anthropology of mind and brain , and the sociology of god and religion . he has also done work in the sociology of social and sociable robotics . he helped launch the ethnographic study of science in the 1970s , and is a founding member and former president of the society for social studies of science . he was a founding member of the association for humanist sociology , and was also involved with science for the people in its formative years and active in the radical science movement . his pioneering work in the sociology of mathematics has been a key factor in bringing social constructionism into mathematics education and the philosophy of mathematics education . he also helped to develop the science and technology studies curriculum which has become a popular major at universities throughout the us and the world . he is based in the usa and has worked as a professor for many years at
was born jeanne murray in parkers prairie , minnesota , the daughter of john gerald and erna murray . in 1965 , she won the atlantic monthly award for both fiction and poetry and was named the atlantic monthly scholar at bread loaf school of english . she graduated from
was born in northern california in 1938. he served in the u.s. air force for four years . in 1961 , he graduated from the
was born at warwick bridge , cumberland , on 16 may 1822 , and was educated at rugby school and at
was born in karachi , pakistan in an iranian and pakistani descent family . at the age of 14 he had started to show talents which were displayed during his years at
, finnish writer and philosopher , was born in helsinki in 1942. he studied philosophy , theology and literature at the
( born august 14 , 1967 , los angeles , california ) is a science fiction writer and computer programmer . he was raised in a latter-day saint household , the oldest of eight children . he attended the
. during his time at psu , he established a summer jazz intensive program in addition to performing , conducting workshops and attending residencies at other universities such as wesleyan university , university of michigan , university of toronto , harvard university and bennington college . he married dancer/educator joanne robinson hill in portland in 1992. they moved to new york city in 1995. his final public performance was on march 29 , 2007 at trinity church in new york city .
only managed two circuits of auvergne before the transmission packed up entirely . tracy did better for the company at the
was educated at
, an instructor at the
with dean torrence 's girlfriend judy lovejoy . demo recordings such as `` come on baby '' ( written by gibson & lovejoy ) , `` eleventh minute '' ( written by gibson & altfeld ) , `` just for tonight '' , and `` baby what 's it gon na be '' were cut and produced by berry for liberty records . gibson performed most of the leads on these unreleased demos . but nothing major happened with the judy & jill recordings , and gibson switched to providing background vocals on several jan & dean album cuts . meanwhile she studied visual arts at the
. he was educated at the
( born 1957 ) is a danish composer , performer , media artist and sonologist . he is a graduate of the
appeared as a special guest at the `` wave goodbye '' nine inch nails concert at the o2 arena ( london ) in london . before coming on stage , trent reznor explained how numan was `` vitally important and a huge inspiration '' to him during the past 20 years . numan then went on to play two songs with nine inch nails ; `` cars '' and `` metal '' . numan appeared once again at the final run of the `` wave goodbye '' shows in los angeles , ca . in august 2009 he played at the
, the coordinator of inter-american affairs . he continued his education at
( born april 30 , ) is a north american professional baseball player . he is a right-handed pitching prospect in the washington nationals organization . mandel attended
( born january 10 , 1979 in bettendorf , iowa ) is a medical student at the
( born november 16 , 1988 in inkster , michigan ) is an american basketball player who played at oak hill academy . he signed out of high school with the university of michigan , but withdrew his commitment when wolverine head coach tommy amaker was fired . he then enrolled at the
and is listed as one of the high school 's `` notable alumni '' . cherry played mostly surf music covers in the same market as papa doo run run aka papa do run da run , whom foskett would join forces with decades later . in the late seventies , foskett formed two renowned bands ; the `` reverie rhythm rockers '' ( aka : `` reverie '' ) and `` the pranks '' in santa barbara , california , gigging throughout the area with fellow area bands like `` d. b. cooper '' ( foskett appears on that band 's 1979 warner brothers debut album buy american , singing background vocals ) . although jeff 's two bands consisted of the same members : mostly
was born in cork in 1975 and when he was nine months old his family moved to adare , county limerick . he was born into a family that had a great interest in gaelic games . his father would later serve as a selector with the limerick senior hurling team . foley was educated locally and later attended
tournament was the 53rd masters tournament held from april 6-9 at augusta national golf club . nick faldo won his first masters championship and second major title with a birdie on the second sudden-death playoff hole over scott hoch . this tournament is well known for hoch missing a two-foot putt on the first playoff hole that would have won him the tournament .
, where he was awarded an honorary fellowship , before returning to his scottish roots and taking the appointment of director of the school of music at the royal scottish academy of music and drama . now pursuing his a career as a soloist , conductor and pedagogue ,
, but left during his junior year to study law . after passing the pennsylvania bar , he practiced law with his father until james gowen 's death in 1885. his uncle , franklin b. gowen , continued to practice law after his tenure as president of the philadelphia & reading ended in 1883 , and francis gowen joined his uncle 's firm after his father 's death . during this time , gowen also became a director of the girard trust company , a large banking firm in philadelphia . after his uncle 's sudden death in 1889 ,
was born and raised in the city of bridgeport , connecticut . he attended
( franco-american , born october 12 , 1976 ) is a new media expert and founder of grandcrew , one of the leading concert video websites . founded in april 2008 in paris france , the site broadcasts live music concerts from the best emerging and established bands , in high quality and in full-length format . christopher holds an mba from
grew up in aberdeen , scotland and later attended
was educated at
was born march 6 , 1936 , in north tarrytown , n.y. , and was raised in sleepy hollow manor . he was educated at
, was a prominent politician in the pre-world war ii czechoslovakia , having been elected as the youngest member to the czechoslovak parliament and who held the position of president of the millers association of bohemia and moravia . after the communist takeover , he escaped from his native country and in 1950 immigrated to the united states , where he became a naturalized citizen in 1955. he studied at
and the moody bible institute . most of his scholarly work has focused on organizational , cross-cultural and interpersonal communication . he has also done informal research in his undergraduate majors of religion and philosophy . in 2010 , a second edition of robinson 's book leading people from the middle : the universal mission of mind and heart was released . the book was first published in 2002 by executive excellence . his second book , incarnate leadership , was released by zondervan in february 2009. robinson is a past chair of the spokane regional chamber of commerce ( now greater spokane incorporated ) and a founding co-chair of the higher education leadership group of spokane . he also serves on the board of princeton theological seminary and the ing educators advisory board , and he is an independent observer to the executive committee of moss adams , llp . born sept. 30 , 1949 , in elmhurst , ill. , robinson has been married since 1974 to bonnie robinson , a classical musician who serves as principal organist for first presbyterian church of spokane . the robinsons have two daughters , brenna and bailley , and a son ,
is an american poet , critic , and editor . donahue was born in dallas , texas , on september 22 , 1954 and grew up in lowell , massachusetts . he attended
is an english actor , who has played supporting roles in a number of television dramas since 1999. pascal langdale also lent his voice and likeness to the critically acclaimed video game heavy rain , in which he played ethan mars . he studied at the
was born on 28 july 1902 in larne , the eldest son of a presbyterian minister . he was educated at
attended high school at
was educated at the abbeydale boys ' grammar school in sheffield and tadcaster grammar school . he received a certificate in education from
was born in addis ababa , ethiopia to a sudanese father and an ethiopian mother . he left his home country and went to the united states at the age of 17 in search of better education . samara received his bachelor 's degree in english from
( born 9 august 1969 , at narsinghpur in madhya pradesh ) is an indian actor . he studied at
, completing his first degree in 1960. from 1960 -- 1966 was a research associate at the thesaurus linguae graecae under bruno snell and
, from which he graduated with a degree in business management . together with fellow eiu student ,
was born in prague , czech republic in 1934. he studied engineering , architecture , art history and philosophy in prague and in munich and obtained his phd from
( born 1967 in chicago , illinois ) is an american composer and professor teaching at stanford university . he received his ph.d. in composition from the
taught at the
, a journalist , chamber of commerce official , and texas state parks figure , graduated in 1950 from
and his twin brother , linguist warren cowgill ( d. 1985 ) , were born near grangeville , idaho in 1929. george cowgill graduated from
was born in hastings , east sussex in 1964. he attended chantry infants school , sandown primary school and hastings grammar school . he has a bsc ( hons ) degree in mathematical modelling from the
, d.d. , assistant colonial chaplain , and his second wife ann , née barrell . educated by his father and at the
. he has received commissioning grants from meet the composer , the national endowment for the arts , the new york state arts council , the mary flagler carey trust , the seattle arts commission , the lila wallace-reader 's digest fund and the fund for u.s. artists . in 2002 he was awarded a rockefeller map grant for the creation of a new piece , joe hill , for chamber orchestra and voice , which premiered in october 2004 in seattle . his 2003 composition , whispers , hymns and a murmur for string quartet and soloist , funded in part by a seattle city artist grant , premiered in march 2004. this composition and his earlier string quartet , mountain language are released on the tzadik label . his newest string quartet composition , these hills of glory , was commissioned with support from 4culture and the mayors office of arts and cultural affairs . his recent collaboration with
( born 1978 , daylesford , victoria , australia ) is an australian actor , radio presenter and voiceover artist . he was educated at
graduated with a masters in law from beijing university in 1981 and a masters in public administration from
is an american writer and playwright . he graduated from northwestern university 's
was born in liverpool , uk , and migrated to whyalla , south australia , with his family in 1966. he attended the
was his elder brother . he was educated at
joined the national party at the age of 17. in 1961 he started working as a journalist for clarin and he graduated from the
was born in birmingham , alabama , the seventh child of rufus and gertrude collier , and attended western-olin high school , alabama a & m college and
( born january 17 , 1930 in nevada , texas ) was a professional american football defensive lineman and pro bowler who played for the nfl 's cleveland browns ( 1954 -- 1956 ) and green bay packers ( 1957 -- 1958 ) . he attended
received her bs in zoology from the
is an author , and nationally recognized speaker on successful parenting . her advice has been helping over a million parents creatively feed , play with and raise their children . she earned a b.a . in psychology from the
received a bursary for a residency at the
was born in roxbury , massachusetts bay colony in 1664. son of samuel williams ( 1632 -- 98 ) and theoda park ( 1637 -- 1718 ) . his grandfather robert had immigrated there from england about 1638. john had local schooling . later he attended
( born august 31 , 1938 ) was captain regent of san marino in 1971 and 2001. he is also a lawyer and banker . he served as a member of the sammarinese christian democratic party . he received a law degree from the
is president and ceo at bargain ocean marketing inc a company that has a worldwide business reach and provides logistics and consulting services to a worldwide clientele utilizing the vehicle of the internet to minimize overhead associated with its competitors . before founding the company , he attended
graduated from the
in the 2008 clinton campaign . he graduated from
is the fifth and only daughter of james bissett who was a canadian diplomat . roshell graduated from sir robert borden high school and then later went to the
completed a degree in history at
( born february 23 , 1985 ) is a music video director and former united states marine . he is both a veteran of operation iraqi freedom and 2003 graduate of
, jr. , also nicknamed `` bill '' , who graduated from the united states military academy at west point with the class of 1949 and took part in the infantry battle of old baldy during the korean war . general streett 's son , st. clair streett , jr. married edith peake boatner ( youngest daughter of usaf lt. gen. bryant l. boatner ) in 1954 and had four children : st. clair `` dan '' streett iii , born in california in 1955 , who graduated from
( 1946 -- 1999 ) was an american sculptor who was born and raised in honolulu , hawaii . he received a bachelor of fine art degree in painting and metalsmithing from
, a
, younger son of the 2nd baron palmer and lorna eveline hope née bailie . he was educated at
) . the family settled in simsbury , connecticut before 1750 , and general phelps became an active and influential man . he was a
's parents ilya and resia schor were polish-born artists who came to the us in 1941 . ( in 2003 , schor produced a video documentary on her parents `` work , the tale of the goldsmith 's floor , originally created for the 2003 brown university and differences conference , `` the lure of the detail , '' ) . mira schor and her older sister naomi schor ( 1943 -- 2001 ) , a noted scholar of french literature and feminist theory , were both educated at the lycée français de new york . after receiving her baccalauréat in 1967 , mira schor studied art history at
where she was chair of the department of anthropology . after serving as acting dean of the undergraduate college in 1985-6 , she was provost , the chief academic officer , from 1986 until 1994. debora l. spar was appointed to replace
began his education at pennsylvania college ( now
, dbe ( born 31 january 1955 ) is director of nursing , heart of england nhs foundation trust . she was educated at
has received a doctor of humane letters degree from
, who served as prime minister after the fall of mohammed mossadegh . the younger zahedi received a degree in agriculture from
( may 4 , 1927 -- february 22 , 1994 ) was an american lawyer and actor . born in cleveland , ohio , he attended
( 1818 -- 74 ) was a russian painter , known primarily for his history paintings and genre scenes . he studied at the
( in r. selsky ) . the artist works in the field of easel and monumental painting and graphics .
attended
was born in lucknow to lal bahadur shastri , a former prime minister of india and lalita . he is an alumnus of
ruiz and inés del solar . he studied at the instituto nacional and , at the age of sixteen , he was accepted as a cadet of the chilean military academy , where he completed his secondary studies . later he abandoned the military life to attend the
, the eldest son of alice and donald rettew beittel , was born december 30 , 1947 in new jersey . he graduated in 1966 from
, vicar of ilton , somerset , where he was born . he was educated at crewkerne school , and entered
in support of hillary clinton 's bid for the democratic presidential nomination . this was the first time in the school 's history that either a former u.s. president or presidential candidate came to bryant university to give a speech . also in 2008 , the 41st president of the united states
was born in wallace , louisiana , to adam and jeanne marie ( née dupleix ) schexnayder . after attending schools in wallace and new orleans , he entered st. joseph college seminary near covington in 1916. he then attended st. mary seminary in baltimore , maryland , before furthering his studies at the
, who graduated from
, a lawyer , judge and political figure , and lucy chandler grant . his mother died when he was a small child , and his father remarried when he was seven , giving him as stepmother susanna davis , the daughter of michael francklin , who had been nova scotia 's lieutenant governor . he attended
was born in cedar rapids , iowa , to frank and julia ( née kuda ) biskup . he studied at loras college in dubuque , from where he obtained a bachelor of arts degree in 1933. he then furthered his studies at the
attended the
was a star player at the
was an american lawyer involved in anti-communist and anti-union activities . he was born in the bronx , and lived in new york city , until the last few years of his life when he lived with his daughter in virginia . he was particularly noted for his stance against jimmy hoffa . he graduated in 1925 from
grew up in san diego , california , where she attended
snr , a dutch merchant who had settled in yorkshire , and anne kitchingman . he was educated at
in 1938 , nelson enrolled at the university of michigan . as a 5'7 `` , 155-pound halfback , nelson played football for fritz crisler in the same backfield with fellow northwestern alumnus ,
, he was the elder son of alfred tennyson , the most popular and prominent poet of late victorian england . hallam was educated at
was born on july 5 , 1936 in moca , puerto rico . he studied his elementary and high school in his hometown . deynes then went to study to the
( september 14 , 1864 -- october 4 , 1947 ) was born at wakefield , virginia in isle of wight county , virginia , but was raised in surry county , virginia . his preparatory education was received at hanover academy in hanover county , virginia after which he attended
was born on 16 august 1927 in ljubljana as a son of jernej cesar , a locomotive engineer from kal pri mirni peči , and marija cesar ( née zupančič ) . he graduated in 1947 and furthered his studies at the
was born in los angeles in 1942 , and received a bachelor of arts degree from ucla . he pursued graduate studies at the
( born 1965 ) is a city councillor in toronto , canada . he represents one of the two etobicoke -- lakeshore wards , ward 5 etobicoke-lakeshore . born in etobicoke , he attended
was born in new haven , connecticut , and his family later lived in detroit , michigan . the family moved to los angeles , california in 1926 , reportedly in search of a less anti-semitic atmosphere than they perceived in detroit . he graduated from the
. dawson has revealed in a video , that as a teenager he was over-weight and would get bullied a lot , as well as being beaten by his alcoholic father , who then abandoned the family . he has since lost 150 pounds . shane has three dogs , miley , charlie , and chocolate as well as two cats , muffins and snoop . they often appear in his videos . he used to work in jenny craig , inc. along with his mother and brother , but was fired after he uploaded a video of himself pole dancing in the building he worked in . his mother , brother and about 6 other coworkers who appeared in the video also got fired after the company saw the video . in a video he said he is a virgin , and plans to stay one until he is married as he believes strongly in sex after marriage .
has won many accolades , including padma vibhushan in 1986 , sangeet natak akademi award and the kalidas samman . he also received honorary doctorate degrees from the
was born in philadelphia , and learned to play guitar by age fifteen . she attended j. s. jenks elementary school in the chestnut hill section of the city . she graduated from
is an american football tackle who is currently a free agent . he played college football at
( dr , b.sc. , m.sc. , ma , d.sc. , frse ) studied physics at
. tereshkova crater on the far side of the moon was named after her .
at durham school . he studied at
was educated at the independent
and tuba with chester roberts . he then went on to receive his master 's degree in composition from
attended
is an american author , translator and scholar of of arabic language and literature . he studied at
, the eldest son and successor of eleuthère irénée du pont , the founder of dupont . he obtained a chemistry degree from the
( born 22 september 1971 in darwin , northern territory , australia ) was an australian sprint-middle distance freestyle swimmer , who represented australia at the 1996 summer olympics in atlanta . he was a member of the 4x100m and 4x200m freestyle relay teams . he trained at the
was born in new jersey and raised in pennsylvania . she received a ba in political science from
'' by some during successful periods of investing in the past . he is a cfa charterholder , an alumnus of the
, the son of rev . spencer dobson and mrs. estelle cook dobson http : //www.thehistorymakers.com/biography/biography.asp ? bioindex=663 , was born and raised in baltimore , maryland . he attended booker t. washington middle school , and he graduated from frederick douglass senior high school in 1941 http : //www.mdcivilrights.org/dunbardouglass.html . he attended howard university and earned a bachelors of divinity degree http : //www.thehistorymakers.com/biography/biography.asp ? bioindex=663 . he also studied at
is an american violinist , composer , and producer . born in new york and raised in beloit , wisconsin , he attended
is an egyptian scholar and translator of arabic literature . she studied english literature at
was brought up in africa and taught there for a year . he graduated from the
studied at the
received his b.a . in biology with high honors in june 1978 from the
was educated at
's theory of gender ; and the social construction of categories often considered to be natural kinds , particularly race and gender . she earned her ph.d. in 1985 from the
is a professor of philosophy at the university of rhode island and the general secretary of the international merleau-ponty circle . he received his ph.d. in philosophy from
( 23 december 1908 -- 1986 ) was an english concert pianist and conductor . born in newcastle-upon-tyne , england . he studied at the
was born in yorkshire , but spent the early part of his childhood in somerset , before returning to yorkshire as a teenager , where he attended
was born in ffynnongroyw , flintshire in 1928. he studied at the
was educated at
is currently an assistant backs coach at his alma mater
( 1972- ) http : //www.identitytheory.com/people/birnbaum25.html is an american author . originally from new york city , she lived in iowa for eleven years . among her works are osprey island , the good people of new york , and out of the girls ' room and into the night . she has taught a fiction course at least once a year since the inception of the iowa young writers ' workshop , a two-week intensive creative writing workshop `` camp '' for talented high school students , except in 2006. she has also taught at the
's group . she married david howard . she was awarded an honorary doctor of science degree at the university of bristol in 1986. in 2005 she received an honorary degree from the
( 1902 -- 1980 ) was a norwegian painter . he studied at the
, was born in allegheny , pennsylvania . he was the great-grandson of congressman harmar denny . he attended
is an american songwriter , recording artist , filmmaker/producer/director from neptune , new jersey . he is best known for his original song `` fallen angel '' , was featured in the film stiletto ; and as a filmmaker for his documentary film jerseyboy hero , which he wrote , produced , directed , scored and starred in himself . vaughn was born and raised in new jersey . he went to high school at
proceeded from his hometown to fresno , california where he was a student senator for the school of arts and sciences at fresno state university for his undergraduate term . in 1972 dr. wakim graduated from the
. in february 1976 ,
graduated in 1970 from the
( born march 13 , 1957 ) currently writes and draws the single-panel cartoon strip loose parts . he is a former stand-up comedian and current advertising creative ( writer/ director/ producer ) with over 130 advertising awards . blazek graduated from
( born may 22 , 1945 ) is a former fbi agent and author from amsterdam , new york . his wife nina is also an ex-fbi agent , and they have 3 children . gary graduated from
( born march 20 , 1983 in portland , oregon ) is an american film and television actor . he attended
actually graduated from
( 薫田真広 kunda masahiro , born september 29 , 1966 ) is japanese rugby union hooker and coach . kunda played for toshiba brave lupus , a team he coached to a league title victory in 2007. originally from gifu prefecture , he was educated at
( born in havana , cuba ) is a cuban-american lyric soprano . she emigrated to the united states of america in 1980 as a child via the mariel boatlift . she initially studied voice at the
( born 1950 ) in barry , south wales , is a cannabis and human rights campaigner . he is associated with the legalise cannabis alliance once a political party of the united kingdom from 1999 to 2006 , when it deregistered and became a pressure group . he received a bsc chemistry from the
, the bishop of salisbury . abbot was thus from a strongly protestant family . after being educated at
received his first honorary degree in 1999 from mount allison university in sackville , new brunswick where he currently serves as chancellor . on july 1 , 2008 , he was appointed by michaëlle jean , governor general of canada as officer of the order of canada , the second grade of the highest civilian honour in canada . he received an honorary doctor of laws degree from the university of manitoba in winnipeg , manitoba in 2001. he received an honorary doctor of journalism degree from
was educated at
is a teacher and author , resident in new zealand . born in auckland in 1966 , he lived in auckland , wellington and canterbury before returning to takapuna . he studied at the
and gérard souzay as accompanists . she was best known as a gabriel fauré and french modernist music performer . she taught at the
received his b.s . in chemistry from
is an american grammy-nominated rock , blues , jazz and pop guitarist . he graduated from
. it is also the off-season residence of new york mets ' third baseman david wright , and the hometown of the washington redskins ' pro bowl cornerback deangelo hall and philadelphia eagles defensive end
is a graduate of the
is the current minister of water , environment and housing in jamaica . dr. chang is married with two children and was born on 10 november 1952. he attended new roads all-age school , cornwall college , where he served as head boy and 6th form association president , and the
( born september 8 , 1971 ) is an american film director , producer , cinematographer , and actor . his directorial debut , genghis blues ( 1999 ) , was nominated for an academy award for best documentary feature . roko is a 1989 graduate of
, who shared and encouraged a passion for books . ford would later dedicated his bibliography of australian medicine 1790 -- 1900 to jones . ford became interested in physical anthropology , and later tropical medicine . he moved to sydney where he became a lecturer at the school of public health and tropical medicine at the
was born in geneva , switzerland , and attended elementary school there and in japan . she finished high school in los angeles , attended pomona college , and received her ph.d. in education and psychology from the
. economist
is an american record producer . he is a graduate of the
finished his elementary and secondary educations in tehran . he studied medicine at the
( born in london , england ) is a los angeles pop culture and travel journalist , videographer and consultant . her work has appeared in the daily for ipad ( news corp ) , the los angeles times , salon.com , the huffington post , new york magazine , variety , people magazine , wired magazine , bust ( magazine ) , newsday , new york newsday , radar , movieline , cmj , gq ( korea ) , urb , dazed & confused ( london ) , and glamour magazine ( italy ) . she received her masters degree in european culture from the
attended
was born and raised in independence , oregon , attending central high school . he also attended
born august 24 , 1956 in rio de janeiro , brazil , is a professional water polo coach in italy . born in brazil , azevedo is the son of a brazilian world cup soccer player . azevedo played on the brazilian national water polo team from 1974 to 1980. he was twice voted brazil 's `` player of the year '' . in 1976 , his team won the gold medal in the south american games . azevedo received his bachelor of arts degree from
was born in dalton , georgia . he attended
( born in essex 1970 ) is an english painter . growing up in london he attended
was born in iowa . her parents , thomas raaen and ragnhild rodningen , were immigrants from norway . the family moved to dakota territory to establish a homestead , settling near hatton , north dakota . in 1903 , raaen graduated from the mayville state normal school , now mayville state university . in 1913 , she graduated from the
in 1978 ,
and elizabeth lewis mcdaniel and was distantly related to mordecai gist , a general in the continental army during the american revolution . he graduated from south carolina college , now the
) is a lazy , overweight tgs writer who is oftentimes insulted or made fun of by the rest of the staff . often , when characters enter the room to make an announcement , they will yell , `` shut up , lutz ! '' even though lutz was not actually speaking at the time . the other characters show little concern for his well-being ; when lutz ran head-first into a wall in `` the ones '' , nobody made any move to help him until a television mounted on a wall fell on him . lutz is originally from alaska , where he hated living , and his grandmother recently died . his first two initials were mentioned in the episode `` the aftermath '' , where it was also stated that he has a thyroid problem . he also mentions that he attended
( august 13 , 1931 -- march 21 , 2003 ) was an american pianist who achieved prominence in europe as a soloist and chamber musician . born in vinalhaven , maine , he attended
and martha berry . he graduated from amherst college in 1927. he received a master 's degree from
was educated at
at the university of wisconsin -- green bay ( uwgb ) following his high school career at
was born on 11 february 1980 in dungannon . he lived in the brantry , with his parents brendan and bridget , and his brothers donal and fergus . between 1984 and 1990 cormac attended derrylatinee primary school ; from 1990 to 1997 he attended st. patrick 's grammar school in armagh . at st. patrick 's he was part of the team that won the blackboard jungle quiz on rté ( 1996/97 ) . he was a student at queens university belfast between 1997 and 2001 , and in 2001/02 he studied at
was born in september , 1903 in york , pennsylvania . from 1915 to 1922 he attended the haverford and hill schools in pennsylvania and roxbury tutoring school in connecticut . he matriculated into yale university class of 1926 , transferring to yale art school in december 1922. re-entering yale university in 1923 he was later dismissed for poor grades . he entered
was born in tokyo , japan on december 23 , 1930. he earned his b.s . in civil engineering in 1953 and m.s . in 1955 from
, governor of bombay , and katherine mary templer daughter of francis j templer . he was educated at
is an american mezzo-soprano . she earned her bachelor of music degree from thornton school of music at the university of southern california and her masters ' degree in music from the
( 1886 -- 1980 ) was born in göttingen , germany . he earned his ph.d. in 1914 at
is an american author best known for his novel the melancholy fate of capt . lewis . pritchett teaches at the
was born in 1922 in san francisco , california . he attended the
( 1939-2007 ) , late presiding bishop and chief apostle of the church of god in christ ( cogic ) , attended the detroit bible institute . mark d. powers , president , pulte homes connecticut , fortune 150 , received a degree from
of sowber hill and his wife caroline robson , daughter of thomas robson of holtby hall , yorkshire . he was educated at
( born december 29 , 1941 in atlanta , georgia ) was an american football defensive back in the national football league for the new york giants , as well as the oakland raiders of the american football league . he led the nfl in interceptions in 1968 and was selected to the pro bowl the following season . williams played college football at
attended the professional children 's school in nyc . he holds a bachelor 's degree in political science from the
was the son of sir henry maden from bacup in lancashire.he was educated privately and attended
is an american poet , award-winning teacher , and editor . she has published three books and over 100 poems in journals in the united states and abroad . elkins is the associate editor of tar river poetry , the poetry and fiction editor of pompa , and a founding editor of ruby shoes press . she received a mississippi humanities council teaching award in 1999 and the excellence in teaching award at delta state university in 2005 , and she has taught in the poets in person program sponsored by the neh and poetry magazine . she received a b.a . in english from
was born in 1982 in cleveland , ohio , united states . rad is an artist based in new york city . he graduated in 2005 from the
and freddie popplewell , who starred as michael darling in the movie peter pan . her paternal grandfather , sir oliver popplewell , is a distinguished former judge . she attended
in 2003. she is an author of monument raised in nakhchivan to genocide of azerbaijanians . studied ma in arts and got honoured diploma and is currently pursuing a phd . teaching art and art history in nakhchivan state university since 2005. she has been awarded with the title `` honoured artist of nakhchivan autonomous republic '' in 2008. in 2009 she was awarded with the title `` honoured artist of azerbaijan republic '' by president of azerbaijan republic .
of marylebone , he was born in london . after a course of medical study in london he was appointed apothecary to the marylebone workhouse infirmary . he entered
is a chinese sociologist and current dean and director of the trinity college , hartford center for urban and global studies and is the paul e. raether distinguished professor of sociology and international studies . chen was born in beijing , china . he graduated from beijing foreign studies university and received his ph.d. in sociology from
is professor emeritus of atmospheric sciences at stony brook university . he earned his bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from oregon state university and his masters degree from
( born february 7 , 1985 ; glendale , california ) is an american actress . she is an alumna of
who was a doctor and former derbyshire cricketer , and his wife pamela harman . he was educated at
was born november 23 , 1919 , in henryetta , oklahoma and attended high school in wichita , kansas . after a high school , he attended wichita state university , then spent a year working as an oil field roughneck , before enrolling at the university of kansas , where he majored in petroleum engineering . during his time in college , he enrolled in the
was the second youngest of five children of irish parents , patrick mayne , a butcher and grazier , and his wife mary mcintosh mayne . she attended
, but did not stay to graduate . he went to work in the circulation department of the local newspaper , of which his father was publisher . when his father died in 1958 ,
was born in delaware on 11 december 1822. he graduated from
( 15 february 1808 , arnsberg -- 27 january 1880 , danzig ) was a german entomologist . menge was a student of physics , chemistry and natural history at the
( 8 april 1895 - 1977 ) was a novelist , author of fantastic traveller , the tale of a young man living in a world of his dreams . she was born in boston , massachusetts to rev . h.a . meagher and anne maude tomlinson . she graduated from the
as president . dana was the first president of
( 24 may 1863 -- 6 july 1922 ) was an english cricketer . cobb was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper . he was born in adderbury , oxfordshire . he was educated at
and the university of baltimore law school .
for measuring a person 's shoe size . the son of a shoe industry entrepreneur , brannock attended
born on his father 's plantation near huntsville , alabama . he grew up there and in danville , kentucky . birney was educated at
, the child of two scientists , was born in washington , d.c.. he studied writing with robert coover and edmund white at brown university , where he was the commencement speaker at his own graduation , where his unrehearsed remarks , critiquing brown 's admissions policies , caused a semi-riot . after years in new york working as a chauffeur , theater tech , television extra and unsuccessful writer , he moved to missoula , montana , where he received his master of fine arts from the
, full name charles edward underdown , was born on 3 december 1908 in london . he was educated at
and yehudi menuhin . artists and musicians were regular lunch guests at the family home . he was educated at
( 1883-1973 ) , a distinguished journalist . dunbabin studied at the
, the 26th secretary of war and a powerful pennsylvania politician and margaret brua . cameron graduated from princeton college ( today
was born in richmond , virginia and grew up in napoleon , michigan . in high school , he ran a bulletin board system by the name of `` awesome fred 's bbs . '' after high school , he attended
( born 30 march 1957 ) is an australian actor and musician , best known for his role as karl kennedy in long-running soap opera neighbours . fletcher was educated at
is a professor emeritus of english at
and the former beverlie may anderson ( born 1930 ) , who divorced in 1961. he is named for his father 's close friend , the actor dana andrews . he graduated in 1974 from
. she married
( born 1946 ) is a speaker , writer , and creativity theorist living in toronto , canada . he was born in johannesburg , south africa and grew up in new york , usa . he is now a canadian citizen . he was educated at the
is a danish team handball player , playing for handball club odense and for the danish women 's national handball team . she attended
is an american illustrator and web cartoonist . he is currently a college student at the
is a emeritus professor of zoology at north carolina state university . he attended
attended boston college high school in dorchester , ma . while in high school , vendt swam for the united states club swimming team ocean state squids under head coach joshua stern . while swimming for the boston college high school swim team , vendt was able to set a state record as a senior in the 500 free style with a time of 4:24.35 ( 1999 ) , which is still the record today . vendt then attended the
traces her ancestry to shanghai , china . adele graduated from
taught at the
( 1917 -- 1985 ) was a belgian physician and biologist . he studied medicine from 1935 up to 1942 at the
was born may 30 , 1958 in lincoln , nebraska . he attended
( born february 11 , 1966 in sylacauga , alabama ) is a former american football cornerback who played nine seasons in the national football league , mainly for the minnesota vikings . he attended
is the current dean and ceo of oxford college of emory university . bowen received his bachelor 's degree in 1971 from depauw university , followed two years later by an m.a . from indiana university . he earned his ph.d. in 1976 from
( , , 1944 -- october 22 , 2007 ) was an iraqi-assyrian poet and short story writer . he was born in habbaniyah , iraq . in 1967 , he left for beirut , where he worked as a journalist and a translator . he later emigrated to the united states , and from 1968 lived in san francisco . he studied comparative literature at the
, a barrister and mp . the family had lived at ross for many generations . he was educated at
was educated at
( 1851-1920 ) was an american rabbi , author , and professor . isaacs received his education at the
, american watercolor artist , was born in toquerville , utah in 1938. he attended first ,
, sr. was born into an italian american family . his father , anthony colombo , was a cosa nostra soldier who in 1938 was found strangled in a car with his mistress . joe colombo attended
( born 1968 ) in lansing , michigan is an american artist specializing in photography and based in birmingham , alabama . trobaugh received his bfa in 1996 with honors from
where he earned his ph.d. in chemistry in 1954. while at chicago , miller was a student of
, a puerto rican man , was born on may 29 , 1927 and died peacefully in his sleep on february 8 , 2005 at the age of 78 of natural causes . he pioneered television in puerto rico and appeared regularly as an actor , announcer , mc , talk show host , and producer . the son of a school principal and an elementary school teacher , he graduated from the
was educated at
graduated from
, finishing 2 down . he won the jones cup invitational in 2005. list attended
( born june 3 , 1978 in toronto , ontario ) is a canadian baseball pitcher . he is a graduate of
was born in havana , cuba , and lived in luyano , a suburb of havana . he made his first professional sale , an illustration used on the cover of the cuban magazine bohemia , at the age of 13. estrada attended the
was born in 1957 to margaret reed mcclure and david brian mcclure in houston , texas . he met his wife betsy on a blind date to a homecoming dance in his senior year of high school . brian graduated with a b.s . degree from
and michelle darosa , he attended
is the director of operations for the career development office at the university of california , berkeley school of law ( boalt hall ) . before re-locating to california , stern worked at the george washington school of law . he is the former executive director of the national stonewall democrats . eric was born in august 1975 and grew up in wadsworth , ohio . from july 2003 to march 2005 , eric served as director of lgbt outreach for the democratic national committee . in 2004 , he was a regional field director overseeing operations in scott and clinton counties in iowa for the kerry-edwards campaign . he received his law degree from
was born on september 14. he received a b.a . and m.a . from andersonville theological seminary in camilla , georgia . he also studied at the
( born january 19 , 1980 ) is an american sprinter mainly competing in the 100 meters event . scott attended the
was born in canada and educated in wales , where also first learned to fly in 1951. after completing an engineering apprenticeship he joined the raf , and was trained as a pilot in canada , winning the course trophy and gaining his wings . he served in cyprus as a canberra photo-reconnaissance pilot , and returned to united kingdom in 1961 , where he joined an experimental squadron . in 1962 he graduated from the
in iowa where he averaged 11.6 points with 7.4 rebounds and 2.7 assists , both years he won the njcaa national championships under head coach joe o'brien . from 2004 to 2006 ,
was born in the carniolan town of trzin in what was then the austrian empire ( now in slovenia ) . he studied law at the
, a student at
( born september 26 , 1984 ) is a swedish orienteering and ski-orienteering competitor , medallist from the orienteering world championships , and a 2004 junior world champion in relay . he received bronze medals in sprint at the
turned a lifelong appreciation for art into eponymous fine art galleries featuring many of the world 's leading contemporary artists . he was born in riga , latvia , then part of the soviet union , and now part of the eu . his mother was a lawyer and father an architect and art collector , recognized for designing , in the 1960s and 1970s , some of riga 's most prominent public buildings . sorokko graduated magna cum laude from the latvian state university ( now
( pronounced how-ghee ) was born in hawley , minnesota . he was the son of reverend søren g. hauge , a lutheran minister and an immigrant from sandane in sogn og fjordane , norway . hauge earned a b.a . from
( 1975 -- 1995 ) , the american jewish student from west orange , new jersey killed in the attack , attended
obtained a bachelors degree in mechanical engineering from the
in moscow . from 1701 and until his death , he taught arithmetic , geometry and trigonometry at the moscow school of mathematics and navigation , becoming its director in 1716. in 1703 , magnitsky wrote his famous arithmetic ( арифметика ; 2,400 copies ) , which was used as the principal textbook on mathematics in russia until the middle of the 18th century ( mikhail lomonosov was himself taught by this book , which he called the `` gates to his own erudition '' . ) this book was more an encyclopedia of mathematics than a textbook because most of its content was communicated for the first time in russian literature . in 1703 , magnitsky also produced a russian edition of adriaan vlacq 's log tables called таблицы логарифмов и синусов , тангенсов и секансов ( tables of logarithms , sines , tangents , and secants ) . legend has it that
( born may 30 , 1958 ) is an animation artist , film director and art designer of czech repubilc . balej graduated from
( born on march 24 , 1984 in providence , rhode island ) is an american actor . he is the son of actor tim daly and actress amy van nostrand . his aunt is actress tyne daly . he is a 2006 graduate of
was born in barnsley , yorkshire in the uk on 15 june 1920 at 8.15am and died at the royal homeopathic hospital , london at 5.17pm on 27 march 1982. he attended
) was the local priest . after studying at
was born on june 23 , 1961 , in houston , texas . she grew up in southern california . as a teenager , she was a competitive equestrian three-day eventer . she attended northfield mount hermon school and
was the son of geoffrey chevalier cheshire , dcl , lld , fba , a barrister , academic and influential writer on english law . he had one brother , christopher cheshire , also a wartime pilot . cheshire was born in chester , but was brought up at his parents ' home near oxford . he was educated at the
in colorado springs . while at colorado college ,
was born in october 1945 at jorhat , assam . she matriculated from ridgeway girls ' high school , golaghat , assam . she received her b.a with distinction from
senior , ran a public house : `` the star bar '' , or `` brown 's bar '' , overlooking the clanrye river and newry town hall . brown attended
is a new anchor for action news in philadelphia . she joined the action news team in october 2010. on occasion , alicia teams up with nj 101.5 radio host dennis malloy to cook up italian specialties for a weekend cooking show called `` a roma aroma . '' she previously worked for news 12 new jersey , where she was the morning and afternoon anchor for two and a half years . she was also the producer and host of `` buck wild , '' a weekly bargain-hunting segment that aired on wednesdays . she has also worked as an anchor and reporter for time warner cable network ny1 , a 24-hour channel in new york city . vitarelli graduated from
was the daughter of jack and trudy collins . she graduated from
was born on march 29 , 1962. the daughter of an italian immigrant and first generation italian-american , she was raised in the east bay ( san francisco bay area ) , california , united states . after graduating from a catholic high school , she earned a degree in communications , with minors in sociology and english , from
( 1943 -- 1946 ) in brussels . its director herman teirlinck , successor of architect henry van de velde , became brulin 's mentor . from 1946 until 1948 brulin studied theatre at the studio of the national theatre in antwerp . he also attended a bbc training course and became the first tv director for drama at the belgian radio and television flemish service in brussels .
was born in 1925. he was a native of brooklyn , new york . he graduated from
, named bain 's first chairman in 1993 , was fundamental in maintaining bain 's culture . after spending two years in military intelligence for the israeli army and earning a degree in psychology from hebrew university , gadiesh enrolled in the
( born 1949 ) is a british-born historian of germany . he received his d.phil from the
( 1910 - 2004 ) was a library founder and civil rights worker . she was educated at
is formerly an executive news producer for kgtv , san diego . he was the news director at katu tv in portland , oregon , and has also been a television news producer in houston , greenville , south carolina and waterloo , iowa . a pine city , minnesota native , he began his television career as a reporter in sioux falls , south dakota . he is a graduate of the
is an attorney in private practice and a former state representative of the massachusetts house of representatives . she represented the 13th hampden district , encompassing portions of springfield , wilbraham and east longmeadow . she served in the massachusetts house for two terms from 1993-1996. she withdrew from re-election in 1996 to accept a position as legal counsel at the massachusetts turnpike authority . ( o'connel 1996 , p. a1 ) barsom attended
( december 28 , 1903 -- march 18 , 1984 ) was a united states federal judge . boldt was born in chicago , illinois . he received a b.a . from the university of montana in 1925. he received an ll.b . from the
, officially named shitala pandey , but commonly known by his nickname rajan , was born near benaras , uttar pradesh . he earned a master of commerce degree at the
earned a dual-emphasis phd in music theory and composition from the
( 18 june 1930 - 30 june 2009 ) was alumni distinguished professor emeritus of political science at the university of north carolina . he was educated at the
was born on 01-03-1976 in vill-lukhurakhon , selenghat , dist- jorhat , assam . he attended
, the owner of a bacon factory . his mother died when o'mara was a teenager . he was educated at a jesuit school , the
was the son of bent løvdal and his wife ragnhild . he finished his secondary education at
was the son of joseph hinchliffe of london . he was educated at westminster school and
was born in jackson , michigan on september 19 , 1920. he attended
is the daughter of lionel and dorothy genn . she was educated at
was born in lund , sweden . he studied botany and biology at
was born in yonkers , new york on june 29 , 1926. at age 19 , he enrolled in the united states army in 1945 , in the midst of world war ii . he served in the army until 1947 , leaving with the rank of staff sergeant . he was educated at
( born 1953 ) is an american military historian . bassford graduated from the college of william and mary with a degree in history and honors for his dissertation on tactical nuclear weapons and completed his ma in american diplomatic history at ohio university . subsequent to receiving his ma , he served five years on active duty as a u.s. army field artillery officer , with tours in korea and germany . he completed a ph.d. in modern european history at
( april 24 , 1918 -- november 3 , 1988 ) , an american journalist , was the author of the 1973 bestseller sybil , the story of a woman ( identified years later as shirley ardell mason ) who suffered from dissociative identity disorder . ms. schreiber was an english instructor at the
recital hall at brooklyn college was named after him in 1988 in gratitude for his donations over the years to the performing arts center . a glazed porcelain bust of him graces the hall 's rear wall . the library of
was a cartographer , engraver and publisher from antwerp . he was the son of gerard de jode , also a cartographer . cornelis studied science at
of broadway , the second son of sir francis winnington . he matriculated at
( surenhuys , surenhusius ) ( c.1664 , rottum-1729 ) was a dutch christian scholar of hebrew , known for his latin translation of the mishnah , the first of the complete work . it was published from 1698 to 1703. the son of a german-born minister , he studied at the
and the university of paris before beginning his ecclesiastical career at st. andrews , entering the service of bishop richard . the latter made him archdeacon of the see . his nickname would usually be taken to indicate that he was either a gaelic-speaker or from scotland-north-of-the-forth ( scotia ) , but according to
( february 5 , 1837 -- september 26 , 1917 ) , son of thomas hopkins gallaudet and sophia fowler gallaudet , was a famous early educator of the deaf in washington , dc . as a youth , he enjoyed working with tools and also built an `` electrical machine . '' he kept birds , fowl and rabbits , spending most of his time in the city , but also occasionally venturing into the country . he had a fond memory of climbing a hill with his father , and another fond memory of his father introducing the subject of geometry to him . his father died when he was 14 , just after he graduated from hartford high school . he then went to work at a bank for three years . he did n't like the `` narrowing effect '' of the mental monotony of the work , and he quit to go to work as a teacher at the school his father founded . he worked there two years , from 1855 to 1857. while he was teaching , he continued his education at
, who worked with thomas edison in chicago in the late nineteenth century . his mother , born anna katherine noll , was born in frankfurt au main , germany . she came to the united states in 1914 to work as governess for the mayor of san rafael , california . after completing high school , ortman enlisted in the united states naval air corps v-5 program . upon his discharge in 1946 , he studied at the california college of arts and crafts ( now the california college of the arts ) ( 1947 -- 1948 ) . after several years , he moved to new york city where he studied at the
born in bournville , birmingham is an english actress . she attended the
received a bachelor 's degree in management from the
attended
( born 2 november 1973 ) , an alumnus of
was a 1998 graduate of the intensive 6-week
was born in 1936 in new york city . he received a bachelor of science in economics from the
during his career at
received his early education at
obtained a phd from the katholieke universiteit leuven in 1981. he did a postdoc at
was born and raised in detroit . he graduated from the
( born 1945 , london ) is a british composer , who has won accolades such as the bbc monarchy 1000 price and has been featured on the bbc proms . he was educated at
received his phd in political science from the university of tübingen , directed by gerhard lehmbruch . he received his postdoctoral degree ( habilitation ) from the
( born february 19 , 1981 ) was the winner of the 2003 gagliardi trophy for academic and football excellence covering all of ncaa division iii . he graduated from
( born 28 february 1927 in kristiansand , norway ) is a norwegian designer and textile artist , living in kristiansand . she graduated from
attended washington , d.c. 's public schools . she graduated from miner normal school with honors . it was established in 1851 as the
graduated from
and kevin jakubowski . calpin attended
was born in denver . he is a greek american . he was educated at
( born 18 march 1929 ) is a norwegian trade unionist , diplomat and member of the labour party . he has a master 's degree from the
is a vancouver-born singer-songwriter living in seattle , washington . she studied at the
attended
was born on 9 september 1894 in slagelse , denmark . he studied at the
is an american ceramic sculptor , living and working in michigan . she received her bachelor of fine arts from new york state college of ceramics at
( born 1982 ) is an american independent filmmaker and photographer residing in santa cruz , california . his feature debut , wild tigers i have known , premiered at the 2006 sundance film festival . the film was executive produced by filmmaker gus van sant and producer scott rudin . the film follows a 13-year old boy coming to terms with being homosexual , and was photographed by frequent archer collaborator aaron platt , whose work earned a best cinematography nomination at the 2007 independent spirit awards . archer graduated from the
film student
was born in 1945 in sioux city , iowa . he was educated at the university of nebraska -- lincoln , receiving a bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering in 1969. while in college , he served in the reserve officers ' training corps , and after college , he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the united states air force in june 1969. after spending a year in undergraduate pilot training at williams air force base , he served as a fighter pilot posted at mcconnell air force base for the second half of 1970 , at davis -- monthan air force base in early 1971 , and at ubon royal thai air force base 1971-72. in total , during the course of the vietnam war , bolton logged over 2,700 hours in over 30 different aircraft ; this involved 232 combat missions , 40 of which were over north vietnam . he then spent 1972-74 as an instructor pilot over cannon air force base , ultimately logging enough hours to become a command pilot . in 1974 , he attended the five-week-long
, who retired from memorex in 1974 , received an honorary degree from santa clara university and a distinguished alumni award from
( born november 30 , 1929 ) is a former head coach of the furman ( 1973 -- 1977 ) , the citadel ( 1978 -- 1982 ) and east carolina ( 1985 -- 1988 ) college football programs . baker is a 1953
undergraduate student
married robert gillham on april 24 , 1930 , and they had three sons : nicholas , robert and oliver . she taught creative writing at
graduated from the high school in london mills , illinois , married , had a daughter , and served in the u.s. navy . he went on to study art at
( born 30 september 1985 ) in kakata , liberia is a liberian runner . he is a graduate of
was born isabell arch in oklahoma city , oklahoma , on january 9 , 1913. her father , a businessman , was of african american and german descent . masters graduated from douglas high school in oklahoma city and received a bachelor 's degree in education from langston university . she later earned a doctorate from the
, who was chief justice of the new york court of appeals . he graduated from the
is a historian , author , journalist and lecturer based in lancaster , pennsylvania , united states . he earned a degree in history and english from
earned her ph.d. from the university of cambridge under the direction of bernard williams . she also earned a b.a . and m.phil . from oxford and london , respectively . she taught at the
was educated at university college school ( ucs ) , hampstead , and
was born in newton , massachusetts on october 15 , 1914. he was one of seven children and grew up in the nearby town of weston , massachusetts in a home built by his father , a professional carpenter . henderson 's family was hit hard by the great depression and following his graduation at age 16 from
( 1934 -- 11 february 2008 ) was a feminist theologian at the
( born june 26 , 1966 ) has been a journalist/editor/news executive for 22 years , 13 of which he spent at the wall street journal in the u.s. and europe . narisetti graduated with an ma in journalism from
's scheme for variations in value orientation . he also enrolled at the
was born in the ancient chinese city of yuci located in the shanxi province . as a young child , he was influenced by zhong ziwu ( cultural revolution dance ) . he began formal dance training at the age of 12 in taiyuan at the song and dance ensemble of shanxi province . by the age of 17 , he was working as an established choreographer for the chinese government . in the 1980s he received the highest national dance award called quan guo wu dao da sai ( ) . zhang jigang became the first resident of shanxi province to receive such an award , propelling his career to national stardom putting shanxi province in the entertainment spotlight for the first time . shortly after , in 1988 he enrolled at the
is one of zambia 's best-known living ethnomusicologists . he received his ethnomusicological training from
graduate
, ph.d. b . 1942 is a retired professor at the university of north carolina at pembroke . educated at marshall university ( ba in 1968 and ms in 1969 ) he gained his ph.d. from
, known as dick munson , is an american businessman , author , and activist in the field of clean energy and industrial energy efficiency . he is a graduate of the
( born june 6 , 1974 ) is a retired canadian professional ice hockey right winger of barbadian descent who last played for hc lugano in the swiss nationalliga a. in the past , he has played for eight different national hockey league teams , most notably with the boston bruins , edmonton oilers and vancouver canucks . he is also the founder of big up entertainment , a record label specializing in hip hop music . he attended
is a hollywood-based musical composer . he earned his bachelor of music from
was born on 13 april 1949 in zaria , kaduna state . he studied at the nigerian defence academy , kaduna , at
( born september 4 , 1968 in toronto , ontario ) is a professional box lacrosse player in the national lacrosse league and mathematics teacher at
at the estonian academy of music and theatre ( then tallinn state conservatory ) . after heino eller 's death in 1970 , he studied with heino jürisalu , graduating in 1973. he then did postgraduate study at the
is a native of philadelphia , pa. a graduate of philadelphia 's central high school , he received his b.s . in business administration and economics from the pennsylvania state university and his j.d . from
was born in koper , slovenia . after finishing the gymnasium in koper , she enrolled to the
from 1934-1940 , as well as balliol college , oxford from 1940-42. when world war ii broke out he made repeated attempts to serve , being rejected by the british army , the free french and the dutch forces in britain . he was finally accepted by the polish forces in britain . herbert became an expert in polish and ukrainian affairs , and served with the polish army during world war two . he fought throughout the normandy campaign . while on a personal mission from winston churchill in belgium , herbert was arrested in 1944 by canadian military police in a ghent bar , on suspicion of being a spy . his eccentric appearance , language proficiency and manner aroused suspicion . he was badly beaten and suffered facial scars thereafter . herbert spoke six languages fluently . he was unsuccessful in his attempts to enter parliament .
, and mary , daughter of sir ralph assheton , 2nd baronet . nathaniel curzon , 1st baron scarsdale , was his elder brother ( see viscount scarsdale for earlier history of the family ) . he was educated at
is an american actor and screenwriter , best known as herman `` vork '' holden on the webseries the guild . he is an alumnus of acme comedy theatre and a graduate of
student , producer
( 1946 -- march 10 , 1993 ) was an american physician . he received his bachelors degree from
was once a commissioner of the police and a member of the cambodian
and a single episode of house . he also had a long running role on american dreams , and acted as a phoenix in one episode of supernatural . he attended
, noted black psychologist was born in 1904 in staunton , va to charles h. and harriett watts . watts was one of five children , three of whom went on to be a physician , a dentist and of course a psychologist . high educational aspirations were encouraged from an early age . although money was not always there , the family made the best with what they had . as a child , watts was influenced by his father who was an avid reader and supported the family through farming or maintenance work influenced watts to read and his mother , who stayed home to raise her five children . he was educated in the washington , d.c. public school system . upon graduating from dunbar high school in 1922 , watts attended
( 1865 -- 1928 ) , he emigrated with his family to canada in 1911 living in quebec city before moving to montreal in 1919. crestohl was educated at
. as a teenager , he taught for half a year at the dunmullie school in boat of garten ( 1870-71 ) , attended baldow school in badenoch , was employed by the ordnance survey in scotland and wales ( 1871 -- 74 ) and returned to baldow school for another term . having obtained a bursary , macbain was accepted at old aberdeen grammar school ( 1874 ) and subsequently studied at
lived in hobart , tasmania , where she attended the
( born 21 june 1983 , stockton-on-tees , county durham , england ) is an english cricketer . roberts is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace . he was educated at
( or kenneth frank ) is an american clinical psychologist and psychoanalyst , and co-founder of the national institute for the psychotherapies in new york city , where he is director of training . a faculty member of the
was touring the country in support of his solo debut , small hands . this earned him a record deal with mercury records . after another solo release , duplass moved from austin to new york city to pursue his music career . shortly after arriving in new york , duplass was diagnosed with tendinitis in both of his arms , and was told that playing the guitar would further aggravate his injury . wanting to remain in music , duplass enrolled in
( born april 26 , 1970 ) is an american water polo player , who won the silver medal at the 2000 summer olympics and was inducted into the usa water pole hall of fame in 2010. kathy attended
( born april 9 , 1987 in the city of oshawa ) is a canadian amateur snowboarder who currently resides in kamloops , british columbia . morison has qualified to compete at the 2010 winter olympics in vancouver . matthew , a native of burketon , ontario began snowboarding at the oshawa ski club at a young age . by age 11 , morison was already beating senior men in races . matthew competes in alpine disciplines , parallel gs and parallel slalom . he attended
. he was born in roddesley , derbyshire , around 1550 and educated at eton college and at exeter college , oxford , before leaving for douai and then rome , where he studied like every subsequent generation of seminarists at the
( born 1977 ) is a jazz pianist most associated with chicago . he graduated from
( born 13 august 1985 in cheltenham , gloucestershire ) is an english cricketer . he is currently playing for leicestershire , primarily as an opening batsman . like his near contemporary , stuart broad , he was educated at
( 1844-1914 ) was an american temperance worker , born at dover , maine she was educated at
, the second son of edward goodman , a wealthy merchant in ruthin , denbighshire , was born at nantclwyd house , ruthin . very little is known of his early years , but a nineteenth century biography suggests that he was taught at home by one of the priests of the dissolved collegiate church . in any event , goodman 's entrance to the university of oxford in or about 1543 and his later b.a . from the
is a professor of cognitive science and deputy director of the macquarie centre for cognitive science at macquarie university . he is a well-known researcher specializing in language acquisition , focusing specifically on syntax and semantics . crain views language acquisition as based on language-specific faculties , and he conducts his research in the tradition of chomskian generative grammar . recently , crain has proposed that language is based on a universal logical system , and he has begun to explore the neural correlates of language acquisition from a cross-linguistic perspective using magnetoencephalography . crain received a b.a . in philosophy from the
( born 1954 , new york city ) , a geographer , is a professor in environmental psychology , earth and environmental sciences , and women 's studies at the cuny graduate center . her work concerns social reproduction and the production of space , place and nature ; children and the environment ; the consequences of global economic restructuring for everyday life ; and the intertwined spatialities of homeland and home-based security . she is a member of the children 's environmental research group at the center for human environments , and on the advisory boards of the center for place , culture and politics and the women 's studies certificate program , both of which reside at the cuny graduate center . katz received her b.a. , m.a. , and ph.d. from
. she had attended
attended school at
( rmc 1929 ) cbe dso ed qc was born in kingston , ontario ( on ) . he was the son of arthur breden cunningham and katherine ( gordon ) cunningham of kingston . he was educated at kingston collegiate , upper canada college in toronto , ontario . he graduated from the
attended
( born april 9 , 1924 ) is a retired radio sports announcer . in his sixty year career at the
, he was educated at eton college and
and film making at london film academy .
( born june 26 , 1965 ) is a scientist , technologist , computer programmer , and an important figure in the global human rights movement . according to the new york times magazine , he is `` one of the most admired figures in the field . '' he leads the human rights program at benetech , the silicon valley nonprofit tech company . he is best known for his work with truth and reconciliation commissions , and for being the lead-off expert witness in testimony at the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia against slobodan milosevic , the former president of serbia . he was also an expert witness for the prosecution at the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia in milutinović et al . ( it-05-87 ) . ball received his b.a . degree from
received her baccalaureate and master 's degrees and her ph.d. in political science all from the
studied political science at the
( born july 8 , 1979 in springfield , massachusetts ) is a former football player who played four seasons as a wide receiver for the new york jets , oakland raiders , denver broncos and new orleans saints of the nfl from 2001 to 2004. after injury ended his playing career mcgeoghan became a coach , first at his alma mater , the
( b.march 20 , 1979 in brooklyn , ny , usa ) is a us american professional boxer fighting in the light-heavyweight division . he is best known for sensationally upsetting former heavyweight champ chris byrd which all but ended byrd 's career . george is the nephew of former world title challenger and trainer lennox blackmoore . he studied paralegal studies at
was born in canada . originally from slovakia , her father and mother ( from bohemia ) fled the soviet occupation of czechoslovakia to settle in israel in 1949 , moving to canada in 1952 . ( her father was a passenger on the ill fated pentcho which left bratislava in 1939 and was shiprwrecked in the aegean sea in 1940 , after which the passengers were rescued by the italians and eventually taken to the ferramonti di tarsi internment camp in the consenza province , italy . ) kohn was awarded a diploma in social work from ryerson polytechnical institute , then achieved an hon.b.a . in sociology and religion at concordia university in montreal , canada . rachael then earned an m.a . ( rabbinic thought and the new testament ) and a ph.d. ( sociology and history of religion ) in religious studies from canada 's mcmaster university . for both degrees she also studied buddhism . she taught religious studies at mcmaster university in canada , at lancaster university in england , where she was leverhulme post-doctoral fellow in religious studies . she also taught religious studies at the
was born in new york city . he attended the
, a film maker , art director , and photographer was born in tokyo in 1969 and began his career in the music industry . he entered cbs/
was born in nagoya . he received bachelor 's degree in biochemistry from the
( 鶴見厚子 tsurumi atsuko ) is an artist born in 1951 in tokyo , japan . she graduated from
. the 8th duke of devonshire was his uncle and the 9th duke of devonshire his elder brother . his mother was emma elizabeth , daughter of the hon . william lascelles . he was educated at eton and
was born in brooklyn , new york . he earned a b.s . in mathematics from the
was born in new york city , the eldest son of russian-american jewish immigrants , henry and rebecca ( née rosoff ) polonsky , he attended
was a pioneer in the field of sociophysiology - the effects of social behavior on the brain . she can be considered as one of the founder of social neuroscience . a native of chickasha , oklahoma , dr. barchas grew up in los angeles . she attended
and caroline lyons . he was educated at
( born 1959 ) is an american poet and fiction writer who lives in new york city . she is the author of three books of fiction the border of truth , loverboy and where the road bottoms out and two books of poetry : swoon and already the world . she has taught at
thereafter . he studied civil engineering at the
( born 1975-05-21 ) is a former wide receiver/defensive back in the arena football league . he played for the iowa barnstormers ( 1998 -- 1999 ) , the new jersey red dogs ( 2000 ) , the chicago rush ( 2001 -- 2003 ) , the georgia force ( 2004 ) , the austin wranglers ( 2004 ) , the las vegas gladiators ( 2005 -- 2006 ) , the grand rapids rampage ( 2006 ) . he played college football at
, who was two years her senior . the two became regular dance partners while rougier studied at the
was born in the bronx , ny on january 31 , 1957 to a new york city police officer , william f. maughan , and a full-time homemaker , formerly maureen t. halligan . he graduated from
( 1861 -- 1952 ) was an eminent barrister and judge . he was educated at
, optech space division 's director , has received a honorary doctorate ( doctor of space achievement honoris causa ) from the
and received the m.d . degree in 1902. he was one of the founders of the indiana university medical school and practiced in the indianapolis area until well into his 80 's . by 1970 he had performed over 22,000 thyroid operations . he was also a pioneering aeronaut , who won the national balloon race in 1909. he was also an amateur astronomer . he built a telescope in his own observatory , which was donated to indiana university in 1947 and named the
was born in clontarf , dublin in 1945. he was educated locally by the christian brothers at scoil mhuire in marino and later at st. joseph 's , affectionately known as ''joey 's `` , in fairview . there was no sporting tradition in hanahoe 's family , however , it was at these schools that his interest at gaelic games was developed . hanahoe later attended
attended the cranbrook schools in bloomfield hills from kindergarten through 12th grade , graduating in 1979. she became a autodidactic musician at age 12 , quitting piano and starting guitar . she attended colorado college , and also
amsterdam ( nikolaj coster-waldau ) is an nypd homicide detective who is 400 years old , but has the appearance of a 35-year-old . he was a dutch soldier in manhattan in the year 1642 when he stepped in front of a sword to save the life of a native american girl during a massacre of her tribe . the girl in turn rescued amsterdam by weaving a spell that conferred immortality upon him . it was also prophesied that he would not age until he finds his one true love , and only then will he become whole and ready for mortality . flashbacks in different episodes of the show reveal amsterdam 's centuries of life since , using many names , though usually retaining `` john '' , marked by loss as his friends , lovers , children ( 63 ) , and dogs gradually grow old and die . amsterdam is a recovering alcoholic who regularly attends alcoholics anonymous meetings , having remained sober since 1965. in his lifetime he has joined the army three times , in addition to the coast guard , marines , and navy . he stated that he never joined the air force because he `` does n't like heights '' . he has taught history at a university , served as a physician during the american civil war , was a furniture maker at the turn of the 20th century , a portrait painter just before the outbreak of world war i , and by 1941 an attorney . at some point he attended
, commonly known as shansby , is a cartoonist and illustrator for various american periodicals , including the washington post . his cartoons appear weekly next to humorist gene weingarten 's `` below the beltway '' column . shansby is from silver spring , maryland . he studied philosophy at yale university in new haven , connecticut . shansby attended the
was born in johnstown , pennsylvania , the son of henry weaver and his wife , sara jane barnhart . before college he worked as a bookbinder , printer and steelworker . he attended pennsylvania state college for the year 1902-1903 and then went to drexel institute where he received a diploma in architecture in 1905 , he continued his study of architecture at
( b. april 4 , 1953 ) was born and raised in valley stream , ny by parents samuel and lora lubin ( née bondrov ) , with her older sister allene . she graduated from
studied physics and mathematics at the
as one of the georgia super lawyers rising stars . in the same year , jezebel magazine recognized parks as an attorney of distinction . in 2007 , she was featured as a top young lawyer in georgia and was on the cover of atlanta magazine 's specialty publication , super lawyers . parks is managing partner for the parks group , p.c. , a boutique law firm that focuses on contract negotiation , civil litigation , and criminal defense . she has served as a legal analyst for nbc and fox news , and she has been on infotainment television programs such as entertainment tonight , celebrity justice , and extra for her handling of several high-profile clients and cases . she is an equestrian . parks graduated from clarke central high school in 1990 , obtained a bachelor of arts degree in communication from wesleyan college ( in macon , ga ) in 1993 and her law degree from the
was born 26 january 1920 in glasgow , scotland . he attended
( born 1950 ) is the nadine mathis basha professor of education in the college of education at arizona state university . tobin is an educational anthropologist and an early childhood education specialist . he received his b.a . degree from
, 1st earl of bristol and his wife beatrix walcot , daughter of charles walcot of walcot shropshire . he matriculated at
, and his ph.d. ( 1958 ) from yale university . he took a faculty position at yale , but in 1965 , the university denied him tenure despite the initial unanimous support of his department , leading to student protests and eventually to reforms of the tenure system at yale . this event , now called the bernstein affair , was `` one of the most contested cases of tenure in the united states . '' bernstein then moved to a tenured position at haverford college , where he taught for 23 years and became the t. wistar brown professor of philosophy before later moving to the new school . at the new school , the
( born january 16 , 1975 ) is an african-american actress , also of blackfoot native american and irish descent . she attended
. she took post-secondary education at texas women 's university , indiana university bloomington , and the university of houston . in 1944 she married emil mesinger . they had two children , julianne and jay . mesinger had a career in television . in the 1950s she hosted two celebrity oriented shows on a television network operated by the university of houston . in 1964 the houston chronicle hired her to be a columnist . mesinger was afflicted by multiple sclerosis . on friday january 19 , 2001 , at the methodist hospital , mesinger died from complications of multiple sclerosis , at the age 75. on september 9 , 2003 , the
in cherokee , iowa , and starred in football , basketball , and track . in football , he won all-conference honors , and was an all-state honorable mention honoree . in track , he finished eighth in the state track meet on the 110 high hurdles as a senior .
( ; 5 april 1918 - 26 february 1977 ) was one of the most important poets of 20th century china . born zha liangzheng ( ) in tianjin , china in 1918 , he matriculated the prestigious tsinghua university at the age of 17 , and graduated from
was born on january 6 , 1953 , to edna and george cushingberry . he graduated from cass tech high school . he has a master 's degree in political science , urban politics , policy , and administration . he attended
is a turkish academic who is a scholar of building science . he did graduate studies at
and graduated 4 years later in law with a thesis on autonomous tax municipalities . he had memorized all of the poems of heinrich heine and was studying the works of friedrich wilhelm raiffeisen .
( born 1953 ) is an american jazz pianist . she received her bachelor of arts from
. as a child , he appeared in two of his father 's films : husbands ( 1970 ) and a woman under the influence ( 1974 ) . after spending so much of his youth surrounded by the film industry , cassavetes originally decided he did not want to go into the field . he instead attended
was thirty-one he came to buffalo , new york in 1883. he came from chicago where he received his doctor of medicine degree from northwestern university in 1876. he received his b.a . in 1872 and m.a . in 1875 from racine college in racine , wisconsin . dr. park received an honorary m.a . from
( a singer-songwriter ) , and a sister , elizabeth . he attended the
went to school at
( born 1954 in wilrijk ) is a belgian businessman . he obtained a commercial engineer - masters degree in law at the
was born in madison , new york , on april 26 , 1813. in 1831 he entered the
was born in geneva , switzerland in 1970. he spent part of his childhood in surrey , england . in 1979 , his family returned to the united states , and lived in the detroit area . fanning is a graduate of the
, he was born at newcastle on 13 january 1788. he was educated at
is also the father of professor roger gilders , a notable collegiate track and field athlete during the late 1970s . roger gilders still holds the varsity record in the pole vault at his alma mater ,
and julio gallo . he attended
was educated at
is located in the north part of the city of lafayette , louisiana ; hence `` northside '' . it has a excellent athletic system , and the football team was state runner up in 2005 and 6-4a district champion from 2009 and 2010. also the basketball team and wrestling team won the 4a state championship in 2006. cross country won 3rd in district in 2004 and 1st in district in 2010. the school itself is predominantly african american . the female track and field team have won 3 back to back 6-4a state championships from years 2008 to 2010 , and the males have won 2 back to back state championships years 2009 and 2010.ron guidry , former pitcher and current pitching coach for the new york yankees , is an alumnus of northside high school .
( may 29 , 1929 -- march 17 , 2008 ) was a physical chemist , theoretical biologist , and the author of the 1993 book , kinetic theory of living pattern , which approaches problems in developmental biology from the standpoint of physical science and mathematics . born in liverpool , england , harrison studied physical chemistry at the
was born in sheffield . he studied english and american literature at the
( january 8 , 1863 -- may 8 , 1932 ) was an american geographer . ellen was born in louisville , kentucky , the youngest of five children by alexander bonner semple and emerine price . she is most closely associated with work in anthropogeography and environmentalism . in a series of books and papers she communicated certain aspects of the work of german geographer friedrich ratzel to the anglophone community . standard disciplinary accounts often attribute to semple a prevailing interest in environmental determinism , a theory that the physical environment , rather than social conditions , determines culture ; however her later work emphasized environmental influences as opposed to the environment 's deterministic effect on culture , reflecting broader academic discontent with environmental determinism after the first world war . semple studied at vassar college and the university of leipzig . she taught at the
was an islamic scholar , social activist , leader , guide and philanthropist from mahbubnagar , a.p . india . he studied at
and régine chassagne attended
received his bachelor of arts from
in 1924. then on june 30 , 1924 , margaret goering and
, esq. , was educated first at yale college , then at
and winifred emery . he was educated at
( 1801 leeds , england -- 1872 ) was an episcopal bishop . after graduation from columbia university , he studied at the
attended
graduated from
is a canadian television comedian , born in mississauga , ontario . she attended
( born september 1 , 1991 ) is an american softball player . she attended
( born in chicago , illinois in 1928 ) is the ludwig rosenberger professor in jewish history and civilization at the oriental institute of the university of chicago . he earned his phd from
( b.may 3 , 1938 - ) is a pakistani lawyer , political activist and secretary general of the awami national party . he received his bachelors degree from
( 1770 -- 1839 ) , archbishop of tuam . he was educated at
( born march 29 , 1985 ) is an american football offensive lineman for the carolina panthers of the national football league . drafted by carolina in the second round of the 2007 nfl draft , kalil played college football at the
, and succeeded in the earldom in 1931 after his father was killed in an air raid . he was educated at eton and
, who had studied at
, who had studied at
studied business administration and international relations at the istanbul bilgi university . after completing his undergraduate education , he studied international economics and international energy policy at the
was born in lincoln in 1971 but moved to sunderland , north east england at the age of three , living there until studying at university . he graduated in humanities from the university of humberside ( now the
( born c. 1932 ) is a former head coach of the wake forest college football program from 1964-1968. he was a graduate from
studied law at the university of innsbruck from where graduated as dr. jur in 1978. he obtained post graduate diplomas in international relations from the
( urdu : رؤداد خان ; born 28 september 1923 ) was pakistani statesman from the start to the end of the cold war . during his long career , khan was one of the most senior civil servants of pakistan . in 1923 , khan was born in mardan , north-west frontier province , british indian empire , to a ethnic working class pashtun family that belongs to a yousufzai tribe . in 1939 , he graduated from local high school and went to attend forman christian college and gained b.a . in english literature in 1942. respecting his father 's wishes , khan attended the
joseph ber soloveitchik was his older brother . http : //www.arigoldman.com/articles/soloveitchik.html his family first moved to poland in 1920 , and then when his family moved to new york in 1929 , he stayed behind to study with rav yitzchok hutner for his bar-mitzvah , then immigrated to the united states in 1930. after he graduated from
( born march 5 , 1969 ) is a canadian film and television actor of welsh and hungarian descent . he has a degree from the
was born near elliotts cross roads , ohio , and raised in nearby malta , both in rural morgan county . both of his grandmothers had been raised in the south and , through their strong influence , strahl became an ardent supporter of states rights . strahl was a graduate from
received an ed.d . from the
. he was educated at
was born in calgary . he studied law at the
( september 4 , 1798 -- october 14 , 1879 ) was a 19th-century american medical doctor and philanthropist from washington , pennsylvania . responsible for creating the first crematory in the united states , he was also an abolitionist , founder of washington 's first public library ( known as citizen 's library ) , co-founder of the washington female seminary , and an instrumental benefactor to the lemoyne normal and commercial school ( now lemoyne-owen college ) , to which he made a $ 20,000 donation in 1870. he graduated from
, regularly denounced the college for its abolitionist thought .
( deputy director ) : born in neath , south wales , david moved to australia as a child . he studied drama , film and english literature at
is the director of bands at the university of toledo , ohio , united states . stumbo completed his undergraduate work at the
's son , hans albert einstein . they became friends and was often invited over whenever albert visited . he earned his medical degree from
( july 16 , 1922 -- december 3 , 2006 ) was born in mayagüez , puerto rico . after serving as an internal revenue agent as well as an aide to puerto rico 's treasury secretary , he studied law at the
was the child of a chinese immigrant and a chinese american seafood chef in san diego , california . while growing up , gerritsen often dreamt of writing her own nancy drew novels . although she longed to be a writer , her family had reservations about the sustainability of a writing career , prompting gerritsen to choose a career in medicine . in 1975 , gerritsen graduated from stanford university with a b.a . in anthropology , intrigued by the ranges of human behavior . she went on to study medicine at the
was born in san diego , california and grew up in san antonio , texas where he attended
, from which he graduated in 1936. as an adult he lived in both new york and mill river , massachusetts . he married josephine stocking ; the couple had two children , russell steele saxton and martha porter saxton .
in 1989 and became involved in politics . in 1989 , ferguson was elected as a sinn féin representative on lisburn city council . in 2003 , he was also elected to the northern ireland assembly , to represent belfast west . as an mla he was appointed as sinn féin 's spokesperson on education and led the campaign against education cuts in northern ireland as a councillor and committed community activist , he led a number of successful campaigns on housing , traffic calming and against the siting of mobile phone masts in residential areas . ferguson also represented sinn féin on the all-ireland body charged with administering european funding , and he also served as vice-chair of the west belfast partnership board .
has studied at the
is an author , columnist and lecturer on graphic design . she is the partner of william drenttel of winterhouse studios , winterhouse editions and winterhouse institute located in falls village , connecticut . she is a critic in graphic design at
, née sarah killgore ( 1 march 1843 , clinton county , missouri - 21 may 1935 , seattle ) was an american lawyer . she was the first woman law student at the
was born in pasadena , california and raised lutheran , but later converted to roman catholicism . he graduated from the
attended
is an american writer of science fiction . he was born in new york city , and grew up in the neighborhood of forest hills in the borough of queens . he attended hunter college high school in manhattan . in 1991 he graduated from harvard college ( where he was a member of the harvard-radcliffe science fiction association ) , with a degree in physics , and in 1993 he earned a master 's in physics from boston university . in 1994 he attended the
( 1849-1924 ) was an american pathologist , born at middlebury , connecticut . he graduated from the
graduated from
was born in the parque patricios neighborhood of buenos aires to wilhelm karl henri bornemann and blancanieves fernández . she a national teacher , having received her degree in the arts from the
at west point ; he served in the american expeditionary force in world war i , and with the american military in mexico and the philippines . he was a champion fencer and boxer , an amateur orientalist , and a student of the arabic language ; science-fiction author jack williamson , in his 1984 autobiography wonder 's child , called
is a writer , teacher , speaker , consultant , and professor of environmental philosophy and ethics currently teaching at
was born in 1919. his grandfather z.a . williams was a merchant prince from abeokuta and his father thomas ekundayo williams was a clerk in the colonial service who set up a legal practice in lagos after training in london , england . he was the older brother of rotimi williams , who later became a distinguished lawyer . williams attended the
received an award from the
migrated to the san francisco bay area and sebastopol areas in the late 1960s . she attended
. born in exeter , new hampshire , gilman attended
or sigmund fränkel ( 22 may 1868 krakau -- 7 june 1939 ) was a polish-born chemist who lived and worked in austria , and is notable for being the head of the ludwig-spiegler-stiftung in vienna from 1904 and his work in the field of physiological chemistry , notably on the chemistry of the thyroid gland . he studied at the
, but his family 's financial problems forced him to drop out during form 3. he found employment with j.c. hobson , a prominent lawyer . hobson encouraged deonarine intellectually and lent him books from which he learned about cola di rienzo , fourteenth century italian activist and patriot . in 1927 deonarine changed his name to
was the eldest son of a german immigrant , friedrich laucke , who had migrated to south australia from bremen in 1895. in 1899 he established laucke mills at greenock in south australia 's barossa valley . he was educated at
was born at anakapalli , visakhapatnam district in 1900. he was graduated from
graduated with a law degree ( `` juridisk embetseksamen '' ) at the
had been an undergraduate at
( born november 23 , 1964 ) is a former basketball player best known for his collegiate career at the
moved to london and worked as a project designer for two years in the office of sir robert matthew johnson-marshall and partners architects rmjm under the direction of david lloyd-jones . from 1975 to 1978 , florian attended the
was the son of a white former slaveholder from georgia and his mixed-race mistress . white attended college at
, a
was born in exeter in 1879 , the son of surgeon james bankart . he was educated at
attended
is founder of the democracy house project , and a published author . he is also a philosophy instructor at
( born april 5 , 1969 ) is the founder of fashion net , lumiere magazine , the vegalitarian society , and holofono . born in flekkefjord , norway , he graduated from
to the position of lecturer at the
( born june 28 , 1952 in new jersey ) is a jazz pianist , educator and composer who co-composed the cbs evening news theme . he also has had an extensive career in pop and rock music , most notably as a founding member , keyboardist and songwriter of the 80s hard rock band , giant . he studied at
is a brazilian musician from rio claro , são paulo , brazil . she started showing talent at an early age for the organ and percussion instruments . masili started playing professionally with many bands at age eight . she evolved as a singer during many of her shows and led to lead singing and as a percussionist on various occasions . fabiana masili graduated with a bachelor 's degree in music from the
and benjamin , are professors at the technion-israel institute of technology . gal-or 's mother specializes in chemistry and materials ; his father specializes in machinery . gal-or attended the
was the ambassador from the united kingdom to croatia from 2000 to 2004. he was educated at
( born 1950 ) is a former head writer for sesame street . berger was one of two writers that helped launch reading rainbow in the early 1980s and he co-wrote , with judy freudberg , the primetime special the street we live on , which was nominated for an emmy as outstanding children 's program . berger wrote the lyrics for the special 's song `` the street i live on '' , which was also nominated for a primetime emmy . born in brooklyn , new york , berger is a graduate of
studied at leicester municipal school of art from 1909 to 1913 then at the
is an environmental activist who served as executive director of njpirg and ripirg , deputy executive director , greenpeace usa , cofounder of a number of organizations , including green corps ( senior trainer ) , national environmental law center ( president ) , public interest grfx , environmental endowment for new jersey , fund for public interest research and americorps water watch . his response to the death of environmentalism , published by grist , march 2005 , has evolved into the bright lines project . ward is a graduate of
was educated at
, jr. , in buffalo , new york on july 9 , 1897. kean graduated from the
attended the
is a noted scholar in the field of international law , international civil litigation , and conflict of laws . after receiving his undergraduate education at the university of cincinnati , he obtained his law degree from the
was born in paisley , renfrewshire , scotland on 22 february 1938. he was educated at st mary 's college , blairs and st. peter 's seminary , cardross . later he was a student of the scots college , rome . from where he attended the
was born in davenport , iowa on june 17 , 1914. he was educated at
; he left part-way through his 'a ' levels to study music technology at huddersfield technical college while living in sowerby bridge near halifax , west yorkshire . his brother
( 19 october , 1885 -- 4 november , 1948 ) was an american mycologist . born in coldwater , michigan , zeller was educated at lawrence college in wisconsin , then
( 1918 - august 25 , 1969 ) was a scholar of jewish mysticism and hasidism , who studied at the
is a research scientist at hp labs . he received his phd in computer science from the
attended the
is a medium who studied at the prestigious
to give pittsburgh one of the game 's strongest middle infields ; he led the nl in double plays a record five times , in putouts four times and in assists twice . at the end of his career he ranked ninth in major league history in games at shortstop ( 1,877 ) and fourth in double plays ( 1,237 ) , and was among the nl career leaders in putouts ( 10th , 3,505 ) , assists ( 8th , 5,811 ) and total chances ( 9th , 9,690 ) . also an excellent basketball player , he attended
. in 1981 , he graduated from point loma high school . two weeks after his graduation , he signed with the san diego sockers of the north american soccer league for $ 18,000 . he played seventeen minutes of one game for the sockers in 1981 before being released . he then attended
( born 1962 ) is a literary scholar , translator , and editor . he received his ph.d. in slavic languages and literatures from the
, who studied jazz piano at the
, and the two played on the school 's football team . he was a graduate of the
was born on february 26 , 1946 in damanhour , egypt and raised in disuq . he received bachelor 's degree and ms degree from the university of alexandria before moving from egypt to the united states to complete his phd at the university of pennsylvania with advisor robin hochstrasser . he completed a post-doctoral fellowship at the
at southern methodist university in dallas . ( he was known at st. mark 's for practicing without shoes - socks only . ) he received his bachelor and master of music degrees from the
( 1936 - ) was born in los angeles and developed an interest in furniture making from his grandfather , a cabinetmaker . he studied design at the
, born november 6 , 1967 in portland oregon graduated from cambria heights high school in patton pennsylvania in 1985. he had a college scholarship to play soccer for warner pacific college , but he decided to go to
was born at bortfeld , in brunswick , in 1803 , and learned the rudiments of painting under the guidance of e. barthels at brunswick . from 1823 to 1825 he attended the
( ; born 15 july 1939 ) is a retired hellenic air force officer who served as chief of the hellenic national defence general staff in 1996 -- 1999. born in skourtou , aetoloacarnania , he entered the
was born in hartford , connecticut and his family moved to mashpee , massachusetts , where he still resides . he is a 1999 graduate of
( writer/director ) was born in louisville , kentucky , but raised mostly in new york . he graduated from
( hamilton '85 ) . whitehead earned his graduate degree in education at the
. herman schmalenbach , paul häberlin und walter muschg were among his teachers . 1939 he received his doctorate with a thesis on socratic philosophy as an ethic of values ( der sokratismus als wertethik ) . after assisting schmalenbach and karl jaspers , landmann earned his habilitation under the mentorship of otto friedrich bollnow at the university of mainz . from 1951 till 1978
spent his teen years and early adulthood in san diego , california . after graduating from the university of california , san diego , with a degree in comparative literature , he moved to vermont and then to montreal , canada , where he earned a master 's degree in library science from
was brought up in ilford , essex , of irish parents , who both worked for the nhs . after passing his 11+ , john attended
obtained ph.d. from the
. espn reporters bonnie bernstein and
( b. april 13 , 1967 in dallas , texas , usa ) is a computer book author and web publisher who is currently chairman of the rss advisory board , a group that assists developers in using the rss 2.0 specification . he graduated from the
is a native of new york city ( of puerto rican parents ) and is considered to be one of the best nuevo flamenco guitarists in the united states . val has toured the united states and spain with his ensemble which includes his brother jose ramon ramos . at the early age of 14 , he studied flamenco guitar with spanish ( malaga ) flamenco master adonis puerta in new york city . in 1981 , he graduated from
in los angeles in the mid-1950s , and later began to compose in the manner of young 's early sustained-tone style ( garland and young 2001 ) . he also studied with robert erickson at the
was educated at
, where he studied under
was born in jackson , ms , the oldest of four children . he attended
is a western new york native who grew up in lackawanna and is a graduate of lackawanna 's class of 1964. although he traces his roots to the american south , he is the youngest son of mansfield and mabel nabors of buckingham county , virginia . nabors was a highly decorated african american u.s. army officer who has received nearly 400 awards and honors and 38 official military awards and decorations . major general nabors received the distinguished service medal , the military 's third-highest award ; defense superior service medal ; legion of merit with four oak leaf clusters ; bronze star medal ; and the presidential support badge . nabors honorary awards include naacp roy wilkins award of renown 2000. nabors received a bachelor of science degree from the
was born in 1941 at great rissington , glos . he was educated at
( born 1957 in oak park , illinois ) is a professor of viola and head of the string department at
in apopka , florida . he played catcher , pitcher , and infielder . in all of his four years at apopka , wise lettered in baseball . wise also played linebacker on the school 's football team . in all of his four seasons at apopka , the baseball team won the district championship . wise was named the most valuable player of the florida state all-star game . along with his father sonny wise ,
, jr. goldwyn 's paternal grandparents were mogul samuel goldwyn and actress frances howard , while his maternal grandparents were playwright sidney howard and actress clare eames . goldwyn attended
was born in 1822 in dorpat ( tartu ) , then russian empire . in 1845 , he graduated from the
, the eldest son , again in the sound of music dye found himself bitten by the acting bug . after graduation , he enrolled at
was born in minneapolis , minnesota but spent several years in suburban buffalo , new york . her family returned to edina , minnesota where she attended high school . in 1976 , brockway received a b.a . from
is the daughter of american anthropologists richard price and sally price . price graduated summa cum laude from
attended high school at
went to study at the
( born 20 january 1986 in sydney ) is a national representative rugby union footballer who plays professionally for the new south wales waratahs . he was educated at
was born and raised in a predominately italian community near columbus square playground , 11th and federal streets in south philadelphia , pennsylvania . phil , the son of thomas patelmo and his wife philomena did everything from selling papers and delivering milk to fixing shoes to help support his family after his parents divorced . thomas and philomena had another son , andrew . phil attended
is a contemporary canadian-american painter . goodwin was born in montreal , quebec on january 16 , 1959 and moved to portland , maine with her family in 1968. she studied art at the
attended
( born 1929 ) is an engineer and entrepreneur , best known as the co-founder of digital equipment corporation ( dec ) which at one time was the second largest computer company in the world . other notable entities he has been associated with include lincoln laboratory at the
was born in grants pass , oregon . he attended the
of cheston , hertfordshire . he matriculated at
was born in south manheim township , pennsylvania . he graduated from the
( december 29 , 1920-april 16 , 2009 ) earned a ba from the
is an american architect , writer and professor of architecture at the university of oregon in eugene . a native of new york city , he studied physics at
( b. indianola , mississippi , may 13 , 1947 ) is an african american abstract sculptor . he received his m.f.a . in sculpture from cornell university in 1972 , and his b.a . in sculpture from
was educated at the prestigious
is the son of former belgian minister and president of the chamber of representatives herman de croo . in 1998 , he graduated in business engineering at the
( born 1 december 1929 , des moines , iowa , u.s. ) is the american author of `` engineering economy : analysis of capital expenditures '' ( iowa state press ) the textbook used by several generations of industrial engineering college students from around the world . he is an emeritus professor of industrial and manufacturing systems engineering at
's creature shop in london . he then attended
is a professor in nursing at the université du québec . she studied at the
was educated at the
graduated from
was born in 1947 in ajmer , rajasthan . he graduated from national school of drama in 1973 , bagging the best all round student and the best director awards . later he studied traditional theatre of japan at the
.
and new york university , where he drew cartoons for humorous college magazines . he graduated at the age of 19 and soon landed a job for $ 25 a week at fleischer studios in miami . he worked as an in-betweener and inker on the 1939 animated film gulliver 's travels , and later became a gag writer for the popeye and betty boop cartoon series , among others . he also anonymously produced comic strips for
was born in lawrenceburg , indiana , in 1833 , a first cousin of future union general don carlos buell . he attended
was born just outside of toronto , the youngest of three daughters . her two sisters are named tracey and melissa . she studied theatre and dance at the
,
studied for a time at the
( born 1980 ) is an american writer . he is the author of how they were found ( 2010 ) and cataclysm baby ( 2012 ) . he studied at
,
has been creating and exhibiting art jewelry . in 1977 she received her b.f.a . from the
in philadelphia and in 1931 he enrolled as a student in the department of near eastern studies under prof .
( 1599 -- 1683 ) , and was born at shotwick , near chester , on 12 november 1626. he was educated at
graduated in 1983 from the
, is a semi-professional boxer and food wholesaler , and his mother , tammy , is a retail salesperson . he is of irish ancestry and was raised roman catholic . the youngest of four brothers , he graduated from
, who inspired his interest in theoretical astronomy . he married florence elizabeth kreager on june 17 , 1926 and had two daughters ( suzanne kay and elizabeth ina ) . he received honorary a.m. and sc.d . degrees from
( born 26 march 1968 in mydroilyn , west wales ) is a singer and actress . she studied at aberaeron school ,
was a life-long resident of baltimore , maryland . at age 14 , he formally started his career as an inventor when he received a patent on an electric automotive brake . after high school , he attended
is an american professor of physics at the university of california , davis . he is known for his work on ( 2+1 ) -dimensional quantum gravity , the quantum gravitational basis of black hole thermodynamics , and causal dynamical triangulations . carlip graduated from harvard university with a bachelor of arts in physics in 1975. in 1987 , he graduated from the
, received his ph.d. and mba from the
was born in philadelphia and attended the public schools there . he earned a ba from central high school and a second ba from harvard college . he studied at
grew up at 871 fifth avenue in new york city . she attended the
was one of the finalists in the soviet journalist-in-space project and a candidate for space flight . in 1992 , while already having a russian candidate of sciences degree , he graduated from the paul h. nitze school of advanced international studies ( sais ) at
( born 1 november 1955 in london ) is a retired british long distance runner . he attended
, a 24-year-old student at the
was born into a middle class dublin family . his father , a chartered accountant , had been born in county monaghan and worked most of his life in dublin , and his mother was a dubliner with roots in county tipperary . both of them are portrayed in his work in several poems such as `` kinsmen '' and `` promise '' . from the age of twelve o'siadhail was educated at the jesuit boarding school
( born in chalfont st. giles ) , is an english aeronautical engineer . he received his phd from the
was born in errachedia , morocco . his family moved to israel when he was 3 years old . he grew up in ashdod . he received his ba ( literature ) , ma ( political science ) and phd ( political science ) from the hebrew university of jerusalem , and his ma in international affairs from
's future will be scientific / but in which field he 's not specific . '' after a brief stint in the united states navy , attended massachusetts institute of technology , studying chemical engineering , and harvard university , where he graduated with a b.a . in physics , cum laude . he attended
( 1917 -- 2004 ) , known as ed wallace to his friends and associates , was a preeminent physical chemist whose career coincided with the golden age of chemistry . he received a bachelor 's degree in chemistry from mississippi college in 1936 , and a ph . d. in physical chemistry from the
was born 1903 , in pender , nebraska , to john bird miller ( born a slave ) , and to nora herbaugh . his family moved to kansas when he was a boy , and he graduated from high school in highland , kansas . later , he attended the university of kansas ;
was born in england on 16 june 1849. he studied in london , at the
( born ) is an american tennis player and coach . he played collegiate tennis at
, a law student at the
was educated at
's first annual chutzpah award for `` audacity , nerve , boldness and conviction . '' ms. magazine named her a `` feminist for the 21st century , '' and immigration equality gave her its global vision prize . in 2006 , the world economic forum selected her as a young global leader . she has also been named a muslim leader of tomorrow by the american society for muslim advancement . in may 2008 , she received an honorary doctorate from the
, is a student of natural science at
holds a b.a . from
( born april 10 , 1965 in denver , colorado ) is a former professional baseball pitcher in the late 1980s and early 1990s . he played at
( born france , august 24 , 1958 ) is a former canadian football player in the canadian football league for two years . john played linebacker for the toronto argonauts , oakville longhorns and jr. toronto argonauts . he was born in the south of france , moved to trinidad at 2 , and then to canada at 8. he played college football at the
is both tolowa and karuk . he is a fluent speaker of the tolowa language and taught for many years at del norte high school in crescent city , california . he earned his masters degree in linguistics from the
( 15 february 1915 -- 26 march 1982 ) was an ulster-born english actor . an army officer 's son , he was born in belfast , but moved to london , england when he was a child . he was educated at
( born september 1960 in dublin ) is an irish musician , whose real name is maurice jebidiah roycroft . he has frequently written and composed songs with gavin friday , who he first met through a mutual friend . in 1993 , he co-wrote `` you made me the thief of your heart '' along with friday and bono , which was performed by sinéad o'connor for the jim sheridan academy award-nominated film in the name of the father . he has also contributed to the original soundtracks of numerous other films , such as disco pigs , short cuts , romeo and juliet , the boxer , moulin rouge and in america . seezer studied at the
, sheriff of essex and shipbuilder , and his second wife , mary , daughter of george green . charles was educated at private schools at clapham common and hackney , then for four years at harrow , where he played in the school cricket eleven . perry was a contemporary of bishop charles wordsworth and cardinal manning . at harrow , due to some youthful folly , the headmaster asked perry 's mother to remove him and send him to private tutors . in 1824 he went to
is the former associate dean of the louisiana state university honors college and a professor of history at lsu since 1965. he earned his b.a . from cornell university and his ph.d. in history from the
received his ing . degree ( 1971 ) and his ph.d. degree ( 1975 ) with a thesis on `` design and analysis of ecl circuits '' from
was born in pittsburgh on 6 november 1850. a presbyterian , he attended western
has pursued an environmental sustainability strategy since 1993 , and was the first uk university to meet the iso 14001 environmental management standard . in the people & planet green league 2008 published by the times higher education ( the ) , it was ranked as the greenest university in the uk . the university of gloucestershire is also an active participant of the erasmus programme and the only uk university to be part of the bca programme offering semester abroad , most notably with the usa .
received his bachelor degree in history from
is an american cartoonist who has also worked as an art director and a college professor . he received the national cartoonist society advertising and illustration award for 1994. mr. buckley is a 1950 graduate of
grew up in detroit and performed his studies at the
was an ethnic manchu of the imperial clan of aisin gioro , and a supporter of efforts to create a new manchu-dominated state in manchuria after the xinhai revolution overthrew the qing dynasty in china . as a youth , he studied in japan at the
was born in olean , new york in 1885. he attended rochester 's east high school . he continued his studies at the rochester athenaeum and mechanics institute , or what is now known as
graduated with dual degrees in journalism and political science from
was born on october 14 , 1948 , in ciutuleşti , floreşti district . he graduated from the
. she has credits in the national tours of the will rogers follies and the music man as well as numerous regional credits and college productions at
( b . 1934 , hrodna , belarus ; d. june 6 , 2011 ) was a belarusian philosopher . he was born in the hrodna region of belarus . he graduated from
( 1935 ) is a london-based conceptual artist , sculptor , painter , writer , and curator . he graduated in civil engineering from the
graduated from
( born january 17 , 1939 ) is emeritus professor of the department of arabic and islamic studies at the tel-aviv university . he has also taught and research at the
) with the 61st selection in the 2007 national draft , barham is a medium midfielder . he grew up in barwon heads and at 6 years of age moved to the suburb of kew in melbourne , victoria . barham attended
of goldovsky institute ; he studied at
from 1876 to 1878 , and subsequently at his father 's alma mater , harvard university . he excelled academically and was placed in advanced studies- much to the dismay of his peers . in january 1879 , he wrote to his father : `` some of the fellows are angry because i was put in the advanced sections , and they were not , and so they do n't come to see me anymore . but i am glad to get rid of them , and i hope that they stay well away '' ( letter to
was the plaintiff in bebb v. the law society , a test case in the opening of the legal profession to women in britain . in 1911 she graduated from
was born in kharkov on july 7 , 1936. after high school , he entered the
, oxford , ohio . his ancestor , an early new england colonist , was also an ancestor of
. he attended halifax 's protestant school system ( there being no state-supported school for non-christians ) and graduated from the halifax academy . he attended
, asc , was born in new york city on july 16th , 1901. he was educated at
. here one of his teachers was professor
was educated at
is a british theatre director , producer and writer . he was educated at the
and ann mcdonald . campbell was educated at
studied at the
( born 6 september 1979 in burnley , lancashire ) is an english television and radio presenter . louise was educated at
graduated from ann arbor
, a teacher at nebraska state teachers college . his father served as a congressman from iowa after moving his family to bloomfield , iowa . after graduating from high school in 1960 , kyl attended the
. he was educated at
was research officer for the law reform commission of canada . she then taught at
covers modern and contemporary art issues and criticism . green attended the
was born in philadelphia , where he graduated from germantown high school ( 1968 ) and temple university ( 1972 ) . at temple , he earned a ba majored in mathematics and was an rotc cadet . following graduation , he was a commissioned a second lieutenant in the u.s. army in the field artillery branch , and was stationed at ft. sill , oklahoma and with the 25th infantry division at schofield barracks , hawaii . he served on active duty for almost five years , which included a year as an operations research analyst . while stationed in hawaii he earned his ms in systems management ( 1976 ) . spaulding later earned his mba in finance at the
is an english author and military historian . he went to
was born 1962 in sebastopol , california . she attended the
was the mp for hamilton west for 1990 -- 1993 , and a hamilton city councillor from 1995 - including as deputy mayor . councillor thomas was educated at
was born on february 6 , 1940 in savannah , georgia and grew up in philadelphia . he graduated from
was born hilda hartt in romiley , cheshire in 1914 , the daughter of richard and elizabeth hartt . she attended
received the title of doctor honoris causa at the
was the son of john t finney of sunderland . he was educated at
was born in brooklyn on the 21st of november 1943. he spent most of his early life there , eventually working as a freelance photographer and photographer 's assistant from various addresses , including remsen street in the downtown area of the city . he studied art history at the
was educated at
. his father , coyt leverette jones , worked as a postal supervisor and lift operator . his mother , anna lois ( née russ ) , was a social worker . in 1967 he adopted the african name imamu amear baraka , which he later changed to
was awarded a fellowship to the
's fictions contains situational humor that spawns a large gamut , from the surreal humour to the grotesque and black humor . his first publication was a story that was placed in a national anthology of the best college writing when he was a student at the
and elizabeth burwell nelson . he was a scion of the prominent nelson and page families , each first families of virginia . although he was from once-wealthy lineage , after the american civil war , which began when he was only 8 years old , his parents and their relatives were largely impoverished during reconstruction and his teenage years . in 1869 , he entered
( jts ) in new york city , where he taught until his death . throughout his life , all of his works were infused with the belief that judaism and jewish history could not be understood properly without a firm grasp of halakhah . instead of just studying halakha ,
was born in canterbury , connecticut on march 7 , 1731. he graduated from
( born 1966 ) received a bachelor of arts from
was born on december 29 , 1955 in columbus , georgia . at the age of 19 he traveled to florence , italy where he studied under ben long . in 1975 he returned to the united states , where he studied at the
works with rule of law initiatives across the globe . tse received her master 's degree from harvard university school of divinity , and received her j.d . degree from the
was born in waterbury , connecticut to ferdinand and rose zinno sirica , both of whom were italian immigrants . he moved to d.c. in 1918 , where he attended emerson preparatory school and eventually transferred to columbia preparatory school . sirica received his j.d . from the
( born may 14 , 1986 ) is an american football linebacker for the green bay packers of the national football league . he was drafted by the packers 26th overall in the 2009 nfl draft . he played college football at the
, a college student at
, were named after eugene v. debs , ralph waldo emerson , and walt whitman . rostow entered yale university at age 15 on a full scholarship , graduated at 19 , and completed his ph.d. there in 1940. he also won a rhodes scholarship to study at
completed his architectural study at the
. the young and dynamic zakir hussain was the most prominent student leader of the mohammedan anglo oriental college to join the jamia at its very inception and formation , and his zeal and commitment to the cause led him to join the staff as an honorary instructor . in this critical period the greatest measure of moral and material support came from gandhiji through his generous disciple , g.d.birla . but there were other sources of much needed sustenance also , such as hakim ajmal khan , dr. mukhtar ahmed ansari , and several dedicated teachers at the jamia , like maulana aslam jairajpuri , shafiqur rahman kidwai , kalat sahab and aqil sahab among others . in 1925 , with ghandhiji 's and hakim ajmal khan 's concurrence and blessings , abdul majeed khwaja shifted the jamia from aligarh to karol bagh , delhi and handed over charge to dr. zakir hussain , who had just returned from germany after completing his higher studies in economics . after the death of dr. mukhtar ahmed ansari in 1936 the mantle of the chancellorship of the jamia fell on the shoulders of abdul majeed khwaja . a responsibility he shouldered till his death in 1962. in line with his family tradition abdul majeed khwaja took great interest in the affairs of his alma mater ,
, bishop of portsmouth , was educated at
is an entertainment attorney based in new york city . he graduated from
studied at bath academy of art , at
( born march 3 , 1957 ) is a german astronomer . his main field of interest is observational molecular spectroscopy of the interstellar matter in galactic and extragalactic star forming regions ; millimeter and sub-millimeter astronomy . he currently works as a commissioning scientist in the alma project . he received his phd from the
( born february 4 , 1977 ) is an american actor . shedrack anderson iii appeared in the hit teen series just deal as the lovable jermaine green . he starred as tommy in lifetime 's gracie 's choice alongside diane ladd and anne heche . he made his film debut as one of the lost boys in steven spielberg 's hook . he then starred in warriors of virtue 2 , and guest starred on the television series boston public , the parkers , hollywood lives , hip hop massive and the division . anderson is a recurring star on disney 's hit show phil of the future . anderson attended the los angeles county high school for the arts , where he was honored with the emerging artist of the year award from pbs . after high school , he attended the
( kbe ) who was appointed a knight commander of the order of the british empire in 1995. blake received an honorary doctorate from
he was given the silver medal of the institution of structural engineers and he received that institution 's gold medal in 1988. he was knighted ( knight bachelor ) in 1989. he received an honorary doctorate of science from the
( born in durban , south africa ) taught chemistry at the university of natal , durban from 1964 until he retired as professor of inorganic chemistry in 1997. he graduated from the
is a sculptor and college professor residing in new york city . her work has been exhibited throughout the world in both solo and group exhibitions . her primary exhibitor is wallspace in new york . she has taught classes at the
' label , brainfeeder . he is also a founding dj at the internet radio station dublab . he attended the
and an m.ed . from antioch university . on behalf of his family , he is the executor of the literary estate of his father ,
( 余柱业 ) was born in kuantan , malaysia . he came to singapore with his sister to study . he attended
( born , new york city ) studied ballet with bella malinka and nina popova at the
( born 15 december 1978 , chertsey , surrey , england ) , is a british pianist , composer , orchestrator , singer and television host . he studied commercial composition at the
is a graduate of
, half-cousin of sir philip john william miles , 2nd baronet , both conservative politicians , and cousin of the fashionable portrait painter frank miles . he was educated at
( april 26 , 1884 , buffalo , new york - june 9 , 1967 , columbus , ohio ) was an american educator . zirbes was a vital figure in education and reading instruction . zirbes began her teaching career at an elementary school in cleveland from 1903 to 1919 , and then went on to work at the experimental lincoln school at teachers college ,
and sadie odom . his father was born into slavery in 1859 and later became a physician . in 1949 , he graduated from
was born in nedumanagad thiruvananthapuram , kerala.did schooling at lourdes mount school . he completed his bachelor 's degree from
, mnzm ( born 17 january 1990 in whangarei , new zealand ) is a new zealand paralympics swimmer , most notable for his performance at the 2008 summer paralympics , winning a gold medal in the men 's 150 m individual medley , in which his time of 2:33.57 broke the previous world record by over a second . leslie is currently a student at
grew up in brooklyn , new york . he went on to study at
( 1910 -- 2002 ) was a prominent twentieth-century architect in austin , texas . he received his degree from the
's birth is unknown , but he studied at the
was born in orange , texas , on july 1 , 1981 , and raised in houston , texas . he is the oldest of three children . he is the son of kemdy and linda klam . klam attended gregory-lincoln education center and lamar high school ( houston , texas ) before he enrolled at the
was born in qamdo , tibet in may 1947. he graduated from
( june 24 , 1914 -- february 15 , 1999 ) was a united states representative from california . he was born in san francisco , california and attended the public schools and san mateo junior college . he earned his b.a . from the
, coach and general manager of the alouettes and future president of the toronto argonauts and the canadian football league , who had been a star basketball player at
( 28 february 1916 , cleveland , ohio -- 3 april 2008 , baltimore , maryland ) was an american operatic soprano . she studied voice at
received outstanding lecturer honours at
is a film producer and the recipient of several awards including the british independent film award producer of the year 2000. he was educated at
was a student and baseball player at
was born in chicago in 1935. he began his oboe-playing career at the age of 14 in 1949 , as a student of robert mayer , english horn player of the chicago symphony orchestra . after four years , mr. kanter was admitted to the
, was a distinguished naval historian , a rear admiral in the naval reserve and harvard university professor . morison spent much of his younger years in new york and maine . he attended
, ( 1922 -- 2001 ) was an australian poet born at perth . he was later educated at the
is an english playwright , actor , and comedian , and a member of the comedy troupe the hollow men . rupert russell was educated at
( born august 26 , 1942 ) is an award-winning reporter who joined kyw-tv in 1979 after working at sister radio station kyw-am since 1967 , working at the station 's new jersey bureau . standish , a
holds a master of science degree from the university of alabama in birmingham , alabama , and earned his bachelor 's degree from
( born 1 september 1988 , north shields , northumberland , england ) is an english cricketer , a wicket-keeper-batsman who currently plays for gloucestershire . he made his first class debut for oxford ucce against worcestershire in april 2009. coughtrie is currently studying at
was born and grew up in new york city . she was educated at the
was born in illinois . he received a bachelor of music degree , with distinction , from northwestern university 's school of music in evanston , illinois , where his main instructors in composition were jay alan yim , alan stout , and michael pisaro . he went on to study composition with david felder and jeffery stadelman at the
graduated from
( born june 20 , 1947 ) is the wife of u.s. senator joe manchin of west virginia and served as west virginia 's first lady from 2005 to 2010. she grew up in beckley , west virginia and graduated from woodrow wilson high school . she received a bachelor of arts in language arts and education and a master of arts in reading from
was born in plymouth , devon , on 4 may 1912. he was the son of rear admiral frederick arthur frith banbury and his wife winifred ( née fink ) . while attending stowe school , banbury rejected his father 's naval background by refusing to join the officer training corps , later becoming a conscientious objector and serving in the friends ' ambulance unit . he went on to attend
is editor emeritus of the presbyterian layman newspaper . he earned the master of divinity at
, academic registrar of london university and vice-chancellor of the university of dacca . hartog was educated at the north london collegiate school , university college , london , and
was the 14th commissioner of the new jersey department of health and senior services . ms. howard 's tenure had been defined by her work to strengthen new jersey 's health care delivery system and improve maternal and child health . prior to becoming commissioner , howard served for two years at policy counsel for governor jon s. corzine , and previously as his chief of staff while he was a u.s. senator . howard also worked for president bill clinton on the domestic policy council , and as senior policy adviser to first lady hillary clinton . she was also in the honors program at the u.s. department of justice 's antitrust division -- health care task force . howard earned her j.d . cum laude from
( born 1978 ) is a british novelist . he was educated at the independent
( born 30 october 1979 ) is a canadian actor . he trained at new york city 's
was born in indianapolis , indiana and grew up in st. cloud , minnesota where he attended st. cloud apollo high school . he is a 1980 graduate of saint john 's university in collegeville , minnesota , and the university of seville in spain . after graduating , he spent four years performing as an actor in theater groups and managing rock bands throughout europe . he eventually returned to the united states and moved to los angeles , where he attended the
( born 1957 ) is an american writer , `` widely regarded as one of the most original stylists writing fiction today . '' thon has received grants from the national foundation for the arts , the ohio arts council , and the mrs. giles whiting foundation . she has taught at
was born in 1956 in beckenham , kent . he attended corpus christi college , oxford , gaining in 1977 a degree in physics . after working at the gec hirst research centre in wembley , he began his studies for the priesthood at the venerable
, andover , massachusetts , and was graduated from columbia college , new york city , in 1794. he studied law . he served as private secretary to
is a canadian politician , who was elected to the legislative assembly of ontario in the 2011 election . he represents the electoral district of essex as a member of the ontario new democratic party caucus . natyshak studied political science and labor studies at the
was born in 1971 in munich . he attended school in landsberg am lech . after his a-levels he studied german literature , philosophy and computer science at the
was one of five children . a classically trained singer , mcintyre received a bachelor of music degree at
( born 4 august 1953 ) is a british theatre director and writer . he is co-founder of cheek by jowl theatre company . in 1992 he received an honoris causa degree from the
( born september 12 , 1976 ) is an american author and archaeologist . she is also a former fashion model and was featured in the 1996 buffalo jeans campaign . she attended university of california , berkeley , department of anthropology in the late 1990s and completed her degree with the kroeber prize . she then obtained a master 's degree in archaeology from the
is an american pathologist and a nationally renowned expert on the subject of gunshot wounds . di maio is a board-certified anatomical , clinical and forensic pathologist , and a private forensic pathology consultant . he attended
( born 1976 ) graduated from the
was born in tulln an der donau ( tulln on the danube ) , then part of the austro-hungarian empire , nowadays in lower austria . after completed his secondary schooling at the oberschule , seidl started a law study . after three semesters he interrupted his studies and took on various odd jobs . from 1935 until 1938 seidl studied history and german studies at the
( born 1963 , toronto ) is a canadian author . hough graduated from
learned to speak russian during national service training in the royal air force in 1955 -- 57. in 1960 , he graduated in russian studies at the
, afrika bambaataa , pharcyde , hieroglyphics , living legends , goapele , zion i , and many others . he graduated from
( born march 1 , 1955 in philadelphia , pennsylvania ) is a former american basketball player and coach . olive attended
is a reporter for gwn7 , based in bunbury , western australia . he graduated from
was born on 18 january 1956 in san francisco and grew up in massachusetts , new york and rhode island . during the last three years of secondary school , he attended
, then completed his education at
earned her mba from the university of tennessee executive mba program , her master of laws degree from the university of wisconsin and her juris doctor degree from
( 20 november 1936 -- 21 august 1998 ) was the first dutch behaviour geneticist . he obtained his m.sc from the
in 1645. he practiced law as an attorney in the hague as an associate with the firm of frans van schooten . in 1650 he was appointed leader of the deputation of dordrecht to the states of holland , the year that stadtholder william ii of orange died . in 1653 de graeff have made
( born september 15 , 1981 in miami , florida ) is an football center for the houston texans of the national football league . he was originally drafted by the denver broncos in the sixth round of the 2005 nfl draft . he played college football at the university of miami . he is a graduate of
was chief judge of the provincial court of manitoba , canada . he was appointed as a judge in 1998 and made chief judge in 2002 and acted as such until 2009. wyant received his law degree from the
, born on december 12 , 1905 , was the third of five children born to fred christian renne and caroline augusta ( young ) renne . roland grew up on the family 's truck and dairy farm in the remote pine barrens of southern new jersey . as a boy , roland helped his father on the farm and attended country schools . with the financial help of his father , he attended
of the united states supreme court from 1981 to 1983. he graduated in 1981 from
was born in neuilly-sur-seine , hauts-de-seine , near paris , to count andré-marie fal de saint phalle ( 1906 -- 1987 ) , a french banker , and his american wife , the former jeanne jacqueline harper ( 1908 -- 1980 ) . she had four siblings , and a double first cousin was french novelist thérèse de saint phalle ( baroness jehan de drouas ) . after being wiped out financially during the great depression , the family moved from france to the united states in 1933 , where her father worked as manager of the american branch of the saint phalle family 's bank . saint phalle enrolled at the prestigious
, also a senator . he graduated from
, a junior college in torrance , california before transferring to california state university , long beach , where he studied business administration . he later went on to the university of southern california , where he earned an mba . the two-time olympian recently established the
was born in kent in 1841. he studied at
attended philips academy in andover , massachusetts from 1960 to 1964 and gresham 's school , in holt , england from 1964 to 1965 as part of an english-speaking union exchange scholarship . he then became an undergraduate student at columbia university , earned a ba , and enrolled in suffolk university law school where he received a juris doctor in 1976. later he received a certificate in german from the
received his bachelor of arts degree from
( aka ethan marunas ) is a musical recording and performing artist from and based out of new york city . he was born and raised in new york city , and went to fiorello h. laguardia high school of music & art and performing arts , also known as the high school from the 1980 film fame . he studied at
received a b.s . in mathematics from the california institute of technology in 1947 and a b.a . in economics from cornell in 1949. he then attended the
( born 19 may 1990 ) is an australian gymnast who was born in melbourne . she began gymnastics at the age of 3. bonora attended
also attended
in stockton , california and was a student and a letterman in football .
was born to berry gordy , sr. and bertha fuller gordy in oconee county , georgia . she was the couple 's second oldest child and eldest daughter . when she was two years old , her parents moved to detroit , michigan . edwards ' younger siblings included sisters anna , the late loucye , and gwen , as well as brothers fuller , george , berry and robert , who was the youngest of the family . edwards attended detroit 's prestigious
is an american educator closely associated with the charter school movement . she was educated at bryn mawr college and received her ph.d. from the
( born june 16 , 1955 in chihuahua , mexico ) is a former national football league placekicker from 1978-1981. he attended
, son of ervin lászló , born in fribourg , switzerland , received a ba from
first of stanmore , and later ( 1924 ) of finchley , both in north london . he was educated at rossall school and
is an american producer of video games and a former actor . he attended
is a prominent american theatre artist who directs , writes and performs . schooled in activist art , she received her ba in theatre arts from the
was born on january 25 , 1934. he was educated at pennsylvania state university ( b.s . ) and stanford university ( m.s. ) . he also later studied at the advanced management program at
, the foundation professor of chemistry and experimental physics at the university of sydney at its original site near hyde park , now occupied by sydney grammar school and established what became the sydney museum next door . he earned an m.d . in 1857 and f.r.c.s . in 1858 at the
was educated at
was born in washington , d.c. to kelly and anna may miller , one of the millers ' five children . kelly miller , born shortly after the emancipation proclamation , was the first african american student to attend johns hopkins university , and later became one of the pioneers of sociology . miller began writing poetry at an early age , buying a pair of earrings with her first earnings . while attending dunbar high school miller studied under the writers mary p. burrill and angelina weld grimke . she graduated from
was born in lancaster , pennsylvania . he attended the
attended the
( 1935 -- 1984 ) was a cuban botanist , born in germany in 1935 and arrived in cuba in 1966. he received his doctorate from the friedrich schiller
was born in 1901 in tsaritsyn , russian empire ( currently , volgograd , russia ) , and emigrated to new york city with a brother who died when she was eleven years old . she worked at a nightgown factory to support herself until a wealthy family with an interest in theatre discovered her and helped put her through school ; she graduated from the
is an american orchestral tuba player . he is most notable for playing in various film soundtracks . john holds a bachelors degree and a masters degree in tuba performance from the
's mother was a nurse and father was a vicar . when her parents moved to leicestershire for work , drew was educated at
( born december 10 , 1921 , macrorie , saskatchewan ) is a canadian animal breeding researcher . he received an msc from the
studied law at the
was born in baytown , texas on february 6 , 1977. she received her bachelor of arts degree in creative writing and english ( magna cum laude ) from the
( b. august 15 , 1968 in palm springs , california ) attended the
( born 1929 ) is the founder of the foundation for shamanic studies and the formulator of `` core shamanism . '' harner is known for bringing shamanism and shamanic healing to the contemporary western world . walsh and grob note in their book , higher wisdom , `` michael harner is widely acknowledged as the world 's foremost authority on shamanism and has had an enormous influence on both the academic and lay worlds ... . what yogananda did for hinduism and d. t. suzuki did for zen , michael harner has done for shamanism , namely bring the tradition and its richness to western awareness . '' harner received a ph.d. in anthropology from the
was born on march 12 , 1956. he received an associate degree from pellissippi state community college . he has also studied at the
was born november 10 , 1818 , in west hanover , pennsylvania . he was the second son and fifth child of capt . james todd and sally ainsworth todd . the todds ' ancestors were scotch irish and presbyterians , and todd grew up attending a presbyterian church . todd was an early graduate of
( born 1967 ) is an american actress who appeared in films from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s . she attended the
in angleton , texas and was a letterman in football , baseball , and track . in football , he was a three-time all-district selection and a three-time all-county selection .
( born in toronto , ontario ) is the head coach for the bc lions . he was formerly the lions ' defensive coordinator and linebackers coach from 2008 to 2011 and the team 's special teams coach from 2003 to 2007. he also served as the special teams coordinator for the calgary stampeders from 2000 to 2002. he attended
grew up in new york city , where he attended the fieldston school of the ethical culture society . he went to harvard university in 1957 and graduated three years later , in 1960. he earned his ph.d. in mathematics in 1962 at the massachusetts institute of technology . his thesis was `` a minimal reduction class for the entscheidungsproblem '' . following that he attended
( 1972 ) , the university of california , berkeley ( 1975 ) , and hastings law school ( 1978 ) . he worked for prominent law firm cravath , swaine & moore until 1980 when he went into private practice with a partner . john martin of abc news says ``
began working by mowing grass in neighborhoods , delivering newspapers such as the courier journal and louisville times , working on an organic farm , and working in his family 's local laundry cleaners . horne was also a boy scout during his juvenile years . andrew horne attended
is an alumnus of
attended
( born september 16 , 1960 ) is an american football coach and former player . he is currently the head coach at duquesne university , a position he had held since the 2005 season . schmitt served as the head coach at
was born in portsmouth , hampshire and began learning to play the piano , aged four ( teachers included diana bell and joyce rathbone ) and the cello , aged five . he attended
studied business administration and international relations at the
attended kindergarten at the
, the prince of pudukkottai and charubala tondaiman . he graduated in engineering from the
( `` frank '' ) tuohy , ( 2 may 1925 -- 11 april 1999 ) was an english writer and academic . born in london , he attended
enrolled in
was educated at
( born december 3 , 1979 ) is an american mixed martial artist , former kickboxer and entrepreneur . he is infamously known as the first man to defeat kimbo slice in mixed martial arts competition , knocking him out in 14 seconds . seth went to school at the
in 1998 to study u.s. homeland security . the commission issued several findings calling for broad changes to security policy , but none was implemented until after the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks . he earned a d.phil . in politics from the
( july 3 , 1844 - december 11 , 1913 ) was a polish priest who was the founder and first pastor of the oldest polish parish ( st. stanislaus - bishop & martyr church ) in the diocese of buffalo , new york . he was a graduate of
( 1866 - 1943 ) was an english organist , choral conductor and music editor . born in dunkirk , kent , in 1881 he entered the
was born in new york city on february 28 , 1857 , the son of william f. grinnell and mary ( morton ) grinnell ( sister of levi p. morton ) . he was educated in stuttgart and at phillips exeter academy . he then studied at
( born december 21 , 1982 in randallstown , maryland ) is an american football tight end who most recently played for the baltimore ravens of the national football league . abiamiri was signed as an undrafted free agent by the ravens after the 2005 nfl draft following his career at maryland . after being allocated to nfl europa and spending the 2007 season as a member of the berlin thunder , abiamiri was released by the ravens on july 23 , 2007 due to injuries and later decided to retire after not being signed by any other teams . abiamiri attended
on november 12 , 2005 at the mar-a-lago estate in palm beach , florida in a catholic ceremony . haydon is an alumna of the
was born in his house in new haven , connecticut to parents william and susan cooley bouchet . at that time there were only three schools in new haven open to black children . bouchet was enrolled in the artisan street colored school with only one teacher , who nurtured bouchet 's academic abilities . he attended the
was divorced once and remarried . in his earlier years he owned and operated a successful wholesale fish business in the
( 1964 in belfast - ) is an editor and publisher of science fiction . his family moved to perth , western australia in 1968 , and he graduated from the
has been awarded two honorary degrees from canadian universities . she received one from the university of new brunswick in 2002 and another from
was born in sherman , texas on august 8 , 1944. he was educated at the
was born and raised in montreal , quebec , attending bishop whelan high school in the suburb of lachine . in the early sixties he attended northwestern university in evanston illinois where he majored in film and television . in 1967 he attended film school at the
( born 24 june 1930 ) is a south african businessman and philanthropist . he was educated at
started her acting career with the theatre group jana natya manch . she taught at the
was born in yekaterinburg in 1966 , she graduated , in 1988 , from the
was born on january 10 , 1936 , in houston , texas . he graduated from
graduated from the
was offered a job by michael moore . depape also stated that she has received job offers from the
( born december 26 , 1959 in lawton , oklahoma ) is the professor of physics at the
of udaipur place of residence is shikarbadi . on the demise of late maharana bhagwat singh ji mewar of udaipur , and after the `` tilak '' ceremony of shriji mahendra singh ji mewar of udaipur , parts of the palace , specifically those in which late maharana bhagwat singh ji mewar of udaipur was residing were sealed by shriji mahendra singh ji mewar of udaipur . against orders of the high court of `` rajasthan '' , the government / administration handed over these parts to maharana arvind singh mewar of udaipur for which a contempt petition is under adjudication before the supreme court of india . shriji mahendra singh ji mewar of udaipur has been permitted by the supreme court of india to take steps to repossess these parts of the palace . it is under these circumstances that maharana arvind singh mewar of udaipur has been residing in the city palace . maharana arvind singh mewar of udaipur is a graduate of the
studied at the
( born august 20 , 1974 in st petersburg , florida ) is an american jazz , pop , and latin pianist best known for his arrangements heard behind numerous recording artists . he is a graduate of the pinellas county center for the arts at gibbs high school in tampa bay where he studied classical and jazz piano and composition . he obtained a bachelor of music ( b.m . ) in jazz composition from the
, a director , and casper jones , a call centre worker in brighton who has appered in embarrassing bodies on channel 4 in july 2010. he attended abingdon school in oxfordshire in the early 1980s , alongside actor tom hollander and the members of radiohead . he studied drama at the
. his parents were ian and mary mackenzie , both journalists working for the south london observer . when the south london press took over their paper , mary became press chief for the tory leader of the greater london council , sir horace cutler . kevin 's father died in april 2004 at the age of 84 .
was born in manchester , england . he attended
was born in 1949 in rorschach on the swiss shore of the lake of constance and studied in freiburg , kyoto and philadelphia psychology , philosophy and religious studies . in 1989 he obtained a ph . d. in religious studies ( chinese buddhism ) from
was born september 30 , 1849 , at cincinnati , ohio , where his father john mcdowell leavitt was practicing law , and his wife bethia ( brooks ) leavitt . leavitt subsequently attended high school in zanesville , ohio , where his father acted as minister of an episcopal church after leaving his law practice . in 1868 leavitt graduated from
, a surveyor , and his wife margaret , née allan . mather worked as a house decorator . mather studied art at the
is an award-winning british comedy writer , actor and composer . he was educated at
, oakland university , rochester , michigan , and later attended the university of california at berkeley from 1971-1976. during his time at the university ,
matriculated at
is a professor of english language and literature at the university of oxford . he tutors english at
received his bachelors degree in economics , magna cum laude , from harvard college in 1977. in 1981 , he graduated cum laude from the
was born in manchester , uk in 1966 and attended the university of lancaster where he gained a batchelor 's degree in biochemistry . he gained a masters in bioengineering from the university of strathclyde where he learned the basics of blood compatibility . he trained under professor david f williams at the
( born march 14 , 1970 grand rapids , michigan ) is a former major league baseball second and third baseman . he is an alumnus of the
. a punk rock fan since adolescence , perry became engrossed in the northwest hardcore scene pioneered by the likes of the wipers and poison idea , where he eventually met and befriended musician and fellow university student
's parents emigrated from the marche region of italy and settled in the minnesota city of hibbing . robert gerald mondavi was born in virginia , minnesota . from minnesota the mondavi family moved to lodi , california , where he attended
( born january 2 , 1972 in boston , massachusetts ) is a former professional american football player . he graduated from
was born in dallas , texas on may 10 , 1912 , son of ashley wilson and eloise ( brooks ) cullum . he attended
was raised as an `` army brat '' attending seven schools before 7th grade . his father , lt. col. howard w. henson ( 1909 -- 2001 ) , was a decorated us army officer who spent much of his career in army intelligence . the science-fiction author robert a. heinlein played a major role in influencing his early life . henson graduated from
was the doctor who served u.s. president abraham lincoln during the years of the american civil war . he received his medical degree from
( 13 march 1924 -- 30 september 2002 ) was an austrian mycologist . after showing interest in natural sciences in his youth , he studied at the
also attended the jack kerouac school for disembodied poetics in boulder , colorado , where anne waldman taught . she earned her mfa in poetry at the
, is the city 's oldest university , founded in 1585 by archduke charles ii of austria . for most of its existence it was controlled by the catholic church , and was closed in 1782 by emperor joseph ii in an attempt to gain state control over educational institutions . joseph ii transformed it into a lyceum where civil servants and medical personnel were trained . in 1827 it was re-instituted as a university by emperor francis i , thus gaining the name karl-franzens-universität , meaning charles francis university . over 22,000 students are currently enrolled at this university . ludwig boltzmann was professor at the karl-franzens universität twice ( 1869 -- 1873 and 1876 -- 1890 ) developing his statistical theory of heat . nobel laureate
, is the city 's oldest university , founded in 1585 by archduke charles ii . for most of its existence it was controlled by the catholic church , and was closed in 1782 by joseph ii in an attempt to gain state control over educational institutions . joseph ii transformed it into a lyceum where civil servants and medical personnel were trained . in 1827 it was re-instituted as a university by emperor franz i , thus gaining the name 'karl-franzens universität , ' meaning 'charles-francis university. ' over 30,000 students currently study at this university . nikola tesla studied electrical engineering at the polytechnic in graz in 1875. nobel laureate
was born in syracuse , new york , on may 30 , 1974. he attended the college of st. rose in albany , new york , where he graduated in composition and conducting . since then , the college of saint rose has performed his music and sponsored an entire evening of his works . he earned his master of fine arts degree in composition , from
( born 1963 ) is a herpetologist and currently the host of nat geo wild 's dangerous encounters with brady barr . he has been employed with national geographic since 1997 , he learned field work and about snakes by the first herpitologist samyak and sourabh . he has also been the host for two other series , reptile wild and croc chronicles , w a native of fort worth , texas , barr graduated from
( born 1931 ) is a lebanese writer , archeologist and historian . hourany received his diploma in philosophy , from the
and adelaide stevenson . he graduated from the
( born november 24 , 1969 , california ) is an american news reporter for the fox news channel . she has been with the network since 2001 and is based in los angeles . previously she was a reporter for wtlv in jacksonville . vogel also worked for wjet in erie , pa , and kcra in sacramento . she began her career in washington , dc working for abc network news . she is a graduate of the
and mike leigh , who both studied at the
( born august 26 , 1849 in calais , maine - april 2 , 1914 in winter park , florida ) was an american naval commander and the governor of u.s. territory of guam . in 1870 , he graduated from the
himself was born in pontefract in west yorkshire , going to the scarborough high school for boys and then the
in paris . he then studied at the
and his wife martha , née smith . he was educated at the
attended
( born january 21 , 1960 in fort worth , texas ) is a retired american basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at north texas state university ( now known as the
( born december 17 , 1983 memphis , tennessee ) is an american football cornerback for the new york giants of the national football league . he attended
( born october 16 , 1945 ) , a meteorologist , is a native of new york city , new york , usa , and a graduate of george w. hewlett high school on long island . he received his b.s . in meteorology from the
, of derby , and the grandson of sir henry howe bemrose ( 1827 -- 1911 ) , who in the 1890s had been member of parliament for derby , bemrose was educated at derby school , brighton college ; and
was born and grew up in bangladesh . he studied at dhaka university , where he obtained his b.sc degree in mathematics and physics in 1953. and his m.sc in applied mathematics in 1954. he received a b.a in mathematics from cambridge university in 1958 , and an m.a . in mathematics from cambridge university in 1963. he was a senior lecturer at the
, or pak yangjin , is an archaeologist and professor in the department of archaeology at chungnam national university in daejeon , south korea . pak received his ba degree in archaeology and art history in 1984 from
began to study law at the university of coimbra law in 1952. he finished his law degree in 1956 at the
elementary schools , the mckinley middle school , and the ponce high school . he graduated from the
( born 29 february 1956 ) is an english cricketer . he is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium/fast-pace bowler who played for oxfordshire . he was born in brighton and attended brighton , hove & sussex grammar school where he was captain of cricket . ricks played club cricket at brighton & hove cc , where his father , peter , was later president . clive represented sussex at cricket and he also played badminton and tennis at county level . he trained as a p.e . teacher at bede college ,
( 1958 ) , delhi university ( 1973 ) and andhra university ( 1978 ) . in 1967 he became the first non-british citizen to receive the gold medal of the british ornithologists ' union . in the same year , he received the j paul getty wildlife conservation prize consisting of a sum of $ 100,000 , which he used to form the corpus of the
was born january 28 , 1921 in philadelphia , pennsylvania . he graduated from temple university ( 1942 ) , and temple university school of law ( 1948 ) . he attended
, jr. in savannah , georgia , the son of mary cain ( née peckham ) , an actress , and walter stacy keach , a theater director , drama teacher , and actor . his brother james keach is an actor and television director . keach graduated from
( 1891-1960 ) was an american painter . she was born in forest grove , oregon on september 20 , 1891. she studied art at the pratt institute in new york and at an art school in chicago . she taught art at
( 1845 -- 1934 ) , alfred gwynne vanderbilt was educated at
was born in northville , mi , but his family moved to chapel hill , nc when he was a child . he attended
, born 1832 in virginia , county cavan , ireland , became a prominent london physician and member of the royal college of physicians . he was the son of james and elizabeth ( née lawler ) fitzpatrick and born in the headfort arms hotel , virginia where his parents were the proprietors . from a privileged upbringing thomas was educated at st. patrick 's , carlow college , a school well noted for turning out many fine catholic theologians . however his university education at
, member of parliament for ipswich , and his wife lucy , daughter of reverend henry patterson . john cobbold , thomas cobbold and nathaniel cobbold , grandfather of cameron cobbold , 1st baron cobbold , were his elder brothers . he was educated at
( chinese language : 姜大明 ; hanyu pinyin : jiāng dàmíng ) ( b . 1953 ) is a politician of the people 's republic of china , and the current governor of shandong province . he joined the communist party of china in 1976 , and in 1982 received a doctorate in philosophy from heilongjiang university . he also received degrees in management at the
was born in hamyang , gyeongsangnam-do , korea in 1936. he graduated from
and first lady betty ford . ford graduated from t. c. williams high school in alexandria , va june 14 , 1974. ford attended utah state university , studying range management . while his older brother jack studied forestry there . ford also attended
was born on fort belvoir army base , near alexandria , virginia in the united states where his father was a drill sergeant in the us army . he then moved to hawaii where he lived until he was six , then spent the next ten years in washington state before moving to los angeles where he studied english literature at the
was born on 1859 in liverpool . he was educated at
was born in richmond , virginia only four years after the end of the american civil war . he was the son of a wounded confederate captain who returned from grim warfare to grinding destitution on a hilly farm near the town of norwood in nelson county , virginia , along the eastern edge of the blue ridge mountains . the lad soon knew that only hard work and an education could lead him to a better life . after attending a private school at a local plantation and then the area 's first public school , he graduated from
is a 1977 graduate of
. ann axel , m.s.w. , was born in 1947 to norman and winifred cotrell . ann axel attended
was born in vienna , austria , where he studied classical guitar and electronic music at vienna musik hochschule his collaboration with otto m. zykan opened doors for contemporary classical music . walter moved to the united states of america after edelweiss disbanded , at which point , he studied film music at the
in van nuys , california , to form an instrumental surf combo . in 1963 , curb founded cude records , the first of many labels he would run , and released the first
was born in louisville , kentucky in 1978 and graduated from interlochen arts academy in ann arbor , michigan , in 1996. he studied at the
( born november 13 , 1966 in mandeville , jamaica ) is a retired american professional basketball player . growing up in cambridge , massachusetts , robinson graduated from
( born 20 may 1979 , in são paulo ) is a brazilian jurist . he is professor of roman law at the university of são paulo . after studying law at the university of são paulo , he earned his doctorate in 2007 from the
was also skillful designer-painter . he completed his education in milan at the
was born in port of spain , trinidad . in 1989 , the goddard 's moved from woodbrook , trinidad to spring valley , new york . as a child goddard received training in watercolor painting from
attended riverdale 's lower school , while francis fukuyama attended the middle school . vincent price and nathan m. pusey taught at
was born in dublin , and grew up in dunboyne , county meath . he is the son of joseph and doris bruton . he was educated at
is a former college basketball player and the current head coach for the seattle university men 's basketball team . dollar was previously an assistant coach under lorenzo romar at the university of washington . dollar attended
to king george vi . he graduated from the
was born in the old bristol maternity hospital in southwell street , kingsdown , bristol . he was brought up in redcliffe , where his father ran the york house pub . he sang in the church choir at st mary redcliffe . wedlock was educated at
attended dental school at
studied in europe and speaks spanish , italian , and english . he was educated at the
is a 1976 graduate of henry clay high school in lexington , ky , where he played baseball ( shortstop ) and basketball and was an all-area performer . after high school he played one year of baseball at
) , a merchant in montrose , scotland . christie attended a local grammar school and subsequently became a clerk in a bank . deciding that he was more interested in literature and science , christie studied medicine independently and then matriculated at the westminster general dispensary in london in 1784. at the same time , he began writing a series of articles on natural history for the gentleman 's magazine and became friends with its editor , john nichols . although he attended the
was born in new york city on november 4 , 1924. he was educated at the
was born on the island of fyn , in funen county , denmark . after attending the cathedral school in odense ( odense katedralskole ) , he entered the
arrived in stockholm in 1782 as the spouse of the wig-maker of the royal swedish opera , jacob rahm . she was engaged by carl stenborg at the eriksberg theatre the same year , and 1784 at the
is an english designer based in london . he co-founded the creative agency akqa together with ajaz ahmed in 1995. hilton attended
was born on september 1 , 1909. he attended high school at bushwick high school in brooklyn . reinhold went to city college to obtain his bachelors . then he attended
in new york city from 1970-1974. he joined the artist collective taller boricua in 1979 where he studied through 1984. while there he was also a pupil of legendary harlem printmaker robert blackburn at his printmaking workshop from 1980-1990. at age 12 vega ran his first marathon in 4 four hours and ten minutes , by age fifteen he ran another marathon with a great time of three hours and twenty two minutes . being only two minutes away from the qualifying time for the boston marathon
. he said that it was because of his grandfather 's friendship with british prime minister , william ewart gladstone , that he was given his first name . he studied locally at
, 2005 graduate , attended
graduated from
was born on 1 april 1854 at fort st george , madras , india to captain herbert taylor mccrea and elizabeth dobree carey . following his parents ' deaths in 1855 , he was brought up by his aunt charlotte in guernsey and educated at elizabeth college . he then studied medicine at
, an upholsterer . he attended
was educated at
is professor of psychology and institutional research and assessment coordinator at soka university of america ( sua ) . he was previously assistant professor of psychology at minnesota state university , mankato from 2000 - 2002. he received his b.a . from university of california , los angeles , his m.a . from california state university , long beach , and his ph.d. from
was born carol fosher in cincinnati . her family moved to bloomington , illinois when she was 10. she graduated from
( 1931 -- 2005 ) was a specialist in reduction lustre glazes . she studied painting at the
, 24 , is an art student at the
's career , she attended saddleworth school for her high school education before attending the
and emilio vedova during the 80 's influenced his career choice . after graduating from johanneum zu lübeck and the completion of his civil service , he studied sculpture at the muthesius academy of fine arts and design in kiel . however , he abandoned his studies to relocate to new york where he worked as a conceptual artist till 1992. back in germany , he studied both history of art and philosophy at the
from 1891 - 1892 and he completed his studies at the
, is currently the president of florida a & m university ( famu ) . he is a native floridian who grew up in the heart of florida 's citrus belt . he graduated from
was born virginia wuerthele in meadville , pennsylvania in 1906. both her father and grandfather were doctors and she also pursued a degree in medicine . prior to attending medical school , livingston earned three ba degrees in english , history , and economics from vassar college . she then attended
in 1992 to form renegade animation . he studied animation at the
, united presbyterian church minister at stichill , and of elizabeth williamson smith . he was educated at edrom parish school in berwickshire and at
in brooklyn and at sarah lawrence college , where she initiated an influential master 's program in women 's history in 1972. in 1980 , lerner created the nation 's first ph.d. program in women 's history at the university of wisconsin at madison , where she became professor emerita . lerner was among the first to bring a consciously feminist lens to the study of history , producing enormously influential essays and books . among her most important works are the documentary anthologies , black women in white america ( 1972 ) and the female experience ( 1976 ) ; the essay collections , the majority finds its past ( 1979 ) and why history matters ( 1997 ) ; the creation of patriarchy ( 1986 ) and the creation of feminist consciousness ( 1993 ) . she published fireweed : a political autobiography in 2002. lerner was a founding member of the national organization for women and the first woman in 50 years to become president of the organization of american historians , which named the
was a former professional basketball coach . he coached two nba teams ; the cincinnati royals from 1960 through 1963 , and the detroit pistons from 1963 through 1964. he graduated from
graduated from the
had been educated at
agreed in principle to become the twentieth crimson tide head men 's basketball coach . grant came to alabama after serving as the head coach at
, born in st. louis , missouri , is a professor of history and an author . he received his b.a . from wesleyan university in 1961 , and his ph.d. from the
at a party at oxford . there was something magical about him . he was a star even then , without having done anything . '' he received an offer from the
y basa ( 1840 -- 16 july 1916 ) was a filipino artist , botanist and forester . he was also a printing instructor at the
( 1939- ) is the daughter of mary wenk and samuel weisstein . she is a professor of psychology , neuroscientist , and author . she graduated from wellesley college , phi beta kappa , in 1961 and received a ph.d. from harvard university in 1964. in 1964 she took a post-doctoral fellowship at the committee on mathematical biology at the
grew up in the weequahic neighborhood of newark , new jersey , as the second child of first-generation american parents , jews of galician descent , and graduated from newark 's weequahic high school in 1950. roth attended bucknell university , earning a degree in english . he pursued graduate studies at the university of chicago , where he received an m.a . in english literature in 1955 and worked briefly as an instructor in the university 's writing program . roth taught creative writing at the university of iowa and princeton university . he continued his academic career at the
( 1919 -- 1995 ) . he graduated from
was born on 5 december 1871 in birmingham , where his father dr james laidlaw maxwell , practised medicine . he attended university college school and university college london , before taking his clinical training at
, a physician , and his wife , hester née smalley . his brothers were sir henry halford ( vaughan ) , who dropped the family name ; sir john vaughan ( 1769 -- 1839 ) , a baron of the exchequer ; and peter vaughan , warden of merton college , oxford . vaughan was educated at
.
was born in kurgan , kurgan oblast , russian sfsr in 1958. in 1960 , however , he moved to moscow with his family as his father was promoted to a new position there . he attended school from 1965 to 1975 and was involved in school bands during his senior years ( playing the guitar ) . from 1975 to 1980 sergey vinogradov studied international journalism at the
attended
archaeology graduate students began conducting research there in the fall of 2009 at the request of georgia department of natural resources director
( born new york , 1960 ) is a judge of the united states tax court . he earned a b.a . from harvard college in 1979 and his j.d . from the
and , along with kanner who was nicknamed shakira o'neal , became the valets of scott steiner . they were nicknamed the `` freaks '' . she then became the main valet for steiner and became part of the magnificent seven . midajah trained at the
was born in larkhall , lanarkshire , and educated at the
in boston where he studied classical saxophone . he later studied at the royal conservatory of the hague under dutch saxophonist leo van oostrom . while there fraize worked with scapes , a quintet which won first prize at the 1989 middelzee jazz concours . on returning to the united states in 1989 , fraize formed the fusion group , stickman , which performed at the mellon jazz festival in pittsburgh . fraize is a member of the greg hatza organization and is also in a rock group , the emptys . his jazz group , the
claimed he would have attended the
is an american born writer and the author of one book of poetry , on the side of the crow . gholson grew up in the navy and moved around quite a bit . he attended
graduated from classics from
in philadelphia . redman encouraged him to further his studies at the
is a negotiation expert and associate director of the global negotiation initiative at harvard university . he received his ph.d. from the
graduated from
( born 8 april 1933 st louis , missouri ) is an american political scientist who is currently director of the centre for the study of public policy and professor of politics at the university of aberdeen , scotland . he studied as an undergraduate at
, a clergyman in north wales , who at that time was rector of llanferres , denbighshire . parry was educated at
of hopton hall . he was educated at
is an author and anti-globalization activist . with his wife medea benjamin and activist kirsten irgens-moller , he co-founded global exchange , a social justice and anti-globalization non-governmental organization based in san francisco , california . he is the founder and executive co-producer of the green festivals and he is executive director of the global citizen center . he received his ph.d. in sociology from the
was born in kampar , perak , malaysia on march 28 , 1937. he received a b.a. , m.a. , and a ph.d. in 1959 , 1967 , and 1974 respectively from the
was born on april 18 , 1989 in san francisco , california . she was born in the same hospital as fellow member tiffany . she auditioned at the sm entertainment casting system and joined the company in 2000. she had been trained for seven years as a trainee before debuting with korean girl group girls ' generation . jessica graduated from
is an american bass player . she currently plays for my jerusalem , money mark and square on square . she is a graduate of the
with a degree in economics . in 1996 , he assumed the position of dojocho ( director/owner ) of aikikai hombu dojo . in 1997 , he visited ireland . he assumed the title of doshu on january 4 , 1999 , following the death of his father ,
( born newport , kentucky ) is the head women 's basketball coach at
( august 14 , 1932 -- october 1 , 2010 ) was a judge on the united states court of appeals for the sixth circuit . nelson was born at watertown , new york , the son of carlton low nelson and irene demetria aldrich nelson . he was educated in the public schools of east aurora , new york , and at
was born at red oak , iowa on september 2 , 1880. ellett was educated at the armour institute of technology in chicago ( certificate in architecture , 1902 ) and at the
was born in 1937 in london , the son of the physicist john desmond bernal and artist margaret gardiner . he was educated at dartington hall school , then at
( 1917 -- 1995 ) was a prominent academic and philanthropic administrator . he was educated at
( keyboards , vibraphone , cello etc . ) , plus drummer martin smith , who had previously drummed for simon dupree and the big sound . the classically-trained minnear had recently graduated from the
explains to moses the history of israel . jubilees depicts this entity as one of god 's special agents and does not provide him with a specific name . in the testament of
( nicknamed cash ) was born in providence , rhode island on november 12 , 1954. after graduating from classical high school in providence , cascione attended the
( born may 12 , 1982 in dallas , texas ) is a former american football linebacker for the dallas cowboys of the national football league . he played in fifteen games in the 2004 season but was forced to retire in 2006 after missing part of the 2005 season because of a knee injury . following his professional football career , thornton spent time in private wealth management for morgan stanley smith barney until 2009 and now is a student at stanford graduate school of business . thornton graduated from
attended
, and after serving in the u.s. army , obtained a ph.d. from new york university in 1957. he started teaching at hofstra in 1956. sobel eventually became lawrence stessin distinguished professor of business history at hofstra . after his death , the university established the
was born in freetown , sierra leone in 1969 to a sierra leonean-lebanese family which has been in the diamond business since 1952. his father , a second generation sierra leonean-lebanese , was among the first diamond dealers licensed by the sierra leone government during the early sixtees . mackie did his secondary education at the famous and elite
and mary lamb attended william bird 's
graduated cum laude from harvard college in 1982 with an ab degree in government . in 1985 , he received a master of public affairs degree from the woodrow wilson school of public and international affairs at princeton university , where he studied economics and public policy . he graduated magna cum laude from harvard law school with a jd degree in 1987. he was the supervising editor of the harvard law review from 1986 to 1987. he received a phd in economics from the
( born on february 28 , 1956 in cairo , egypt ) is a doctor who pursued an interdisciplinary career in dentistry , mathematics , physics and computer science . he received his d.d.s . from
is professor emeritus of philosophy at the university at albany ( formerly state university of new york - albany ) . he received his ph.d. in philosophy from the
( 1864 -- 1942 ) was a u.s. geologist and in 1918 was a u.s. senate candidate in iowa . born in des moines , iowa , he graduated from
( february 8 , 1764 - july 21 , 1838 ) was a united states representative from new york . born in norwich , connecticut to daniel tracy and mary johnson , he graduated from
is a feminist activist and author who had a notable role in the campaign for the equal rights amendment . she earned a bachelor 's degree in roman catholic theology from
. metheny studied music education at the
was educated at
. he was educated at eton and
in china . mr stern 's encouragement and support paved the way for him to go to the united states and in 1985 he entered the
( born 8 june 1957 ) is an australian politician . llewellyn graduated with a bachelor of science in biology from
is an award winning documentary film-maker and actor who has appeared in several tv films and theatre in the united kingdom and singapore since 1996. he appeared in 2008 's kallang roar the movie as captain of the legendary singapore national football team of the 1970s . melvinder kanth trained at the
. in 1980 he entered the
is director of choral activities at the university of kentucky in lexington , kentucky where he conducts the uk chorale and uk men 's chorus . he also teaches advanced choral conducting , choral methods and literature , and directs the graduate program ( mm and dma degrees ) in choral music . a native of atlanta , he received the bachelor of music degree from the university of georgia ( magna cum laude , 1978 ) , the master of music from the
studied at the
, is an american politician and business person . previously elected offices include city councilor , member of the new york assembly . joe is a lifelong syracuse , new york resident . he resides on the north side . joe is a graduate of the maxwell school of citizenship and public affairs at syracuse university . he is a graduate of
, where
received a bursary for a residency at the tyrone guthrie centre in 2004. she also received a bursary from
( 25 july 1901 - 7 may 1971 ) was a swedish film editor with more than 100 feature film credits . he was born in eksjö , sweden in 1901. he studied modern languages at
attended the hall school in hampstead from 1949 to 1956 , st. paul 's school from 1956 to 1960 , and the sorbonne in paris from 1960 to 1961. he graduated from
graduated from
. plummer attended
was born in 1922 and raised in philadelphia . he graduated from
, worked as a dry goods merchant . his mother , martha ( née hillard ) , was a college professor and had served as president of rockford college . he grew up on an estate bordering lake michigan . he attended the hotchkiss school from 1907 to 1911 before entering
received his medical studies in france where he obtained several degrees from the university of paris and institut pasteur in 1947 and 1948. in 1949 he was in the united states where he studied fungal diseases at the
studied at mercer university in macon , georgia , and georgia college and state university in milledgeville , georgia . she continued her studies at
shows up at the home of art dealer flan kittredge and his wife ouisa , who live overlooking central park in new york city . paul has a minor stab wound from an attempted mugging , and says he 's a friend of their children at
( 26 january 1887 - 3 october 1931 ) was an english cricketer , who played 31 first-class games for cambridge university , worcestershire and mcc in the early twentieth century . he was educated at
graduated in 1995 with a b.a . in philosophy from the university of würzburg , germany . in 1998 , he completed a m.a . in philosophy at the
was born in london , but moved north to rochdale with his family early in his life . he was educated at
, and alice edith cohen . he was educated at
of longleat house . he was educated at
( born 1962 and raised in amherst , massachusetts ) is an american author of non-fiction books and magazine articles . the son of peter and pat schneider , he graduated from
and mary winton green professor in political science and the college at the university of chicago . she received her ba from
was born in the former yugoslavia and emigrated to australia with her family in 1980. she earned a ba at the
was born 1968 , royal oak , michigan , usa . she graduated in 1989 from wayne state university , and obtained her mfa in cinematography from ucla in 1998. in 1995 , she received a masters in cinematography from the
has established the pearl and bunty lara foundation , which is a charitable organisation in memory of his parents that aims to address health and social care issues . he is an ambassador for sport of the republic of trinidad and tobago , and travels on a diplomatic passport to promote his country throughout the world . brian lara received an honorary doctorate from the
was studying medicine at the
was educated at weber state university and
( 23 november 1894 -- 29 april 1989 ) was a native of blue earth , minnesota . he studied architecture at the
is the son of the husband and wife piano duo max olding and pamela page . in 1971 , aged only 14 , he attended the
, a prominent alumnus of
was his brother . educated at cheltenham college and marlborough college , he read , as a teen , some of kant 's critique of pure reason . in 1865 he entered the
is the founder of the malian foundation , a multi-national non-profit organization . malian completed his university education at the
of dungannon and anne maxwell . he attended
, who went to massachusetts a few years after him , was the first graduate of
, born 1622 in wiltshire , england . he matriculated at oxford university on 9 november 1638. however , because of unsettled conditions in england caused by growing strife between the crown and parliament , he left his studies at magdalen hall and embarked in 1639 for new england . he entered
( born in 1958 in dublin , ireland ) is an irish writer , actor , comedian and musician . he has written two television series , a cd and the comedy musical play i , keano . he is a graduate of the
used to have acromegaly , a disease of the endocrine system . wight underwent successful surgery in the early 1990s on his pituitary gland which halted the progress of this condition . by the age of twelve , wight was tall , weighed , and had chest hair . in 1991 , as a member of the wichita state university basketball team at age nineteen , wight was listed at . his shoe size is 18 5 e , his ring size is 22 , and his chest is in circumference . prior to attending wichita state university , wight attended northern oklahoma junior college in tonkawa , ok , competing on the basketball team . in 2005 , wight leased a bus and hired a bus driver because of the practical problems his size presents to air travel and car rental . wight played basketball and football in high school at wyman king academy in batesburg-leesville , south carolina . he was a standout center for the basketball team and a tight end for the football team . while at wichita state university , wight played basketball . wight also attended
( b . 1969 : muncie , indiana ) is an american sculptor , painter , goldsmith , and intaglio printmaker . she graduated from
spent her early years in manila in the philippines and emigrated to the united states with her family when she was 12. her father was an investment banker . the family settled in san francisco , where she graduated from
and
was born in california in 1952. vrajaprana graduated from the
( born 25 september 1980 in huddersfield ) is a professional snooker player . he has qualified for the main tour for the 2008/2009 season by finishing comfortably ranked number one on the pontins
. a specialist in the philosophy of mathematics and logic , parsons earned his ph.d. at
attended the school of the people ( sr ) in rogojampi , banyuwangi , and graduated in 1958. he continued school at the first religious affairs of teacher education ( pgapn ) iv jember , from where he graduated in 1962. then , he went to school in malang , while teaching at several junior/high school , and madarassas . after that , akhudiat gained a diploma in 1965 from the state islamic education ( phin ) iii yogyakarta . in 1965 , he also joined acting course theater muslim in yogyakarta . during the years 1972-1973 , he joined the academy of journalists surabaya ( aws ) , but did not complete his course . akhudiat also took courses in english indonesian institute of america ( lia ) , soetomo surabaya , up to advanced level . in 1992 , he earned his bachelor 's degree from the
is a british zoologist who is known for his ornithological field work on aldabra and the seychelles . in 1964 he graduated in zoology at the
was born in philadelphia , pennsylvania to working class parents . his father was an upholsterer , and his mother , a homemaker . at age 9 , he began studying classical clarinet and continued to age 17. kaye attended
had his education at
( 1882 - 25 february 1976 ) was an italian dramatic soprano and the wife of composer riccardo zandonai . born in colle di val d'elsa , tarquini studied singing at the
in 1946 with a b.s . in general science ( chemistry ) . newbery medal winning-author
( born january 8 , 1979 in garland , texas ) is an alternative music singer-songwriter . mccarley attended college at
attended sunset high school in portland , oregon , where she graduated in 1964. she went on to oberlin college for a b.a . in biology and the stanford university school of education for an m.a . in education , finishing in 1968 and 1970 respectively . kaza earned her phd in biology at the
migrated to new zealand while young and attended secondary school at christ 's college in christchurch , and achieved an ma in history at canterbury university . receiving the commonwealth scholarship he then gained a phd in social and economic history from the university of edinburgh . from 1971 to 1981 he was a lecturer at otago university , with a term as a visiting fellow at the australian national university from 1975 to 1976. on 16 december 2009 , he received an honorary lld from the
( born 1931 ) is an american photographer known for his images of the african-american civil rights movement . raised on long island , new york , he earned his b.a . at
, an anthropology and government student at
, an anthropology and government student at
and graduated with a b.a . in mathematics in 1957. he married jolly givens in 1957 and worked for douglas aircraft , as a process engineer in composites . after douglas , he worked a series of jobs involving composite materials and processes , which he applied to his surf-related inventions . he left the corporate world for good in 1964 , moved to ventura and started a series of companies that served the surfing market , currently tommorey.com and sponsored surfing competitions such as the
was born on a farm , crichie , near st. katherines in aberdeenshire . his father had made his fortune by trading in horses , and had rented the farm . from 1886 john attended
( born december 14 , 1946 ) is professor emeritus of sociology at the university of florida since 1975. he received his ph.d. from the
, 2nd earl fortescue , and lady susan , daughter of dudley ryder , 1st earl of harrowby . his paternal grandmother hester grenville was the daughter of george grenville . hugh fortescue , 3rd earl fortescue and the hon . john fortescue were his elder brothers . he was educated at the
is a welsh mezzo-soprano opera singer who studied at the
. he studied at
and his wife mary james , the daughter of dr mark james . he was educated at
is a television personality , designer , and community advocate . a native of bahía blanca , argentina , turco moved in adolescence to new orleans , louisiana , with her family in 1985. since 2002 , carla has been based in tucson , arizona . she received a b.a . in architecture from
was born in foster , victoria , the eldest of six children of george merrick long , a clergyman . he was educated at
in 1949 and a phd at the university of london in 1960 , where he studied under michael howard . paret was a research associate at princeton university ( 1960 -- 1962 ) , and taught at the university of california , davis ( 1962 -- 1968 ) , and at stanford university ( 1969 -- 1986 ) , as the raymond a. spruance professor of international history . in 1986 he became the andrew w. mellon professor in the humanities , school of historical studies at the institute for advanced study in princeton ( 1986 -- 1997 ) . among his other appointments , he served as a senior fellow at the hoover institution on war , revolution and peace ( 1988 -- 1993 ) . at present paret is an emeritus professor at the institute for advanced study . he is also the 2008
, a graduate of the
, a royalist and episcopalian lawyer , who became a judge , and of rachel johnston , the sister of johnston of warristoun , a leader of the covenanters . his father was his first tutor until he began his studies at the
, gloucestershire . he was educated at
studied music composition at the
( 10 june 1863 -- 20 april 1945 ) , dd was an eminent anglican priest in the mid 20th century . born in edinburgh , he was educated at
, son of john smith ( 1936- ; underground coal miner longwall mining ) and rita joyce smith ( 1935 -- 2004 ; housewife ) , grew up in wigston magna , leicester , where he attended
( born december 6 , 1920 ) is an american physical chemist and molecular spectroscopist who is one of the original founders of the institute of molecular biophysics at florida state university ( fsu ) . born in elizabeth , nj to a family of ukrainian immigrants , he earned his ph.d. in chemistry from
was born in vallejo , california and grew up in american canyon , california . buckner graduated from napa high school in 1968 after playing on the school 's baseball and football teams . while playing football , he was a two-time all-state wide receiver coaches and also achieved all-america honors twice . buckner was selected by the los angeles dodgers in the second round of the 1968 major league baseball draft . his friend , bobby valentine , was the dodgers ' first round pick . upon signing with the dodgers , buckner was assigned to the ogden dodgers of the pioneer baseball league , where he played for manager tommy lasorda . he also briefly attended the
studied at the prestigious
( born 9 march 1948 , salem , massachusetts ) is an american composer . in 1970 he graduated from the
( born december 20 , 1975 in edmonton , alberta ) is a canadian rower . he is a graduate of the
. he was educated at
is an american operatic bass-baritone born july 11 , 1970 in philadelphia . he attended
( born december 23 , 1986 in westminster , london ) is an english cricketer who plays for somerset . he is a right-handed batsman and occasional right-arm medium pace bowler . he was educated at
( born february 26 , 1967 ) is a canadian stage , film and television actor . he studied at the
was born on 25 december 1855 in quebec . he attended
( 1917 -- 2000 ) was an irish architect born in limerick . he studied architecture at
was born in 1800 in beaufort county , north carolina . he and his family moved to madison , indiana in 1817 , the year after it became a state . he married his first wife , elizabeth gardner , in 1819. he studied law at
is distinguished professor of telecommunications in the department of telecommunications at ball state university . he received his ph.d. from the
( known as rui figueiredo ) ( born 7 april 1983 in barcelos , portugal ) is a portuguese football midfielder who last played for nea salamis at
oreamuno was briefly president of nicaragua in 1923. he received a doctorate from the
earned b.a . degree from the
, also known as mike dreher , is a right-wing swiss politician , and founder of the freedom party of switzerland ( originally `` motorist party '' , ) . he holds an mba from
was born at streete , county westmeath , where her father , the rev . francis beere , was the church of ireland rector . she attended
( 1501 -- 1563 ) was a famous pioneering printer in basel and the eldest son of johann froben . he was educated at the
( born april 30 , 1988 ) is an american ice hockey defenseman . he is from east amherst , new york . he attended the
was born in didymoteicho on 22 december 1882 , the son of agapios eugenidis , a senior judge in the ottoman empire , and of charikleia afentaki . he studied at the prestigious
was born the son of a farmer prits enno . he spent his childhood on soosaar farm near rõngu . at the age of eight , he attended the parish school of lapetukme and then the prestigious hugo treffner gymnasium and at the secondary school ( reaalkool ) in tartu . enno studied business administration from 1896 to 1904 at the riga polytechnic institute ( now
( b. sheena booth middleton ) was born in 1947 in aberdeen , daughter of the manager of strachan 's deeside omnibus service , charles middleton , and his second cousin , farmer 's daughter winifred booth . she was educated in aberdeen , but summered in ballater for many years . her brother , ian middleton , was an accomplished organist and clavichord player , who was the manager of a merchant bank in são paulo , brazil , where he settled and died . during the typhoid epidemic in aberdeen of 1964 , blackhall was hospitalized in the town 's city hospital for several weeks . the family transport firm , owned by her aunt , closed as a side effect of this . after a year 's study at gray 's school of art , blackhall passed a teaching diploma and worked for a time as a special needs teacher , marrying and raising a family of 4 in this period , when she wrote children 's stories for bbc radio scotland . in 1994 she obtained a bsc ( hons . psych ) from the
was born february 22 , 1794 in shoreham , vermont and attended the common school . he later graduated from
was born in ottawa , canada in 1960 , and began writing poetry and short stories in high school . in 1979 he attended royal roads military college in victoria , british columbia , but found that a year of miltary life was sufficent . by 1984 he had a degree in english and history from queen 's university in kingston , ontario , and an m.a . in creative writing and english literature from the
is a self-described `` fumerist , '' or feminist humorist , who has set out to prove that being lesbian can be , and often is , funny . she was raised in a large catholic family . in young adulthood she jokingly describes herself as a `` pre-michael j. fox conservative '' who attended le moyne college , a small jesuit liberal arts college . she received her masters from
, was the `` town doctor '' for red level . many of
was born on september 18 , 1856 to parents mahlon gore and sydney cather in frederick county , virginia . growing up , gore lived on a farm with this family , but at the age of four , gore 's father died . from this point on , gore 's mother took on the responsibility of raising gore and his two brothers , whom he shared farm chores with . from an early age , gore displayed interest in the sciences and mathematics and often read scientific literature . gore took very seriously his education and chose to attend the hamilton academy , richmond college and finally columbian university ( now , the
( born september 8 , 1947 ) is an american short story writer and novelist . she has received an award for excellence from the
while working as a college correspondent for the baltimore sun and then took a job with the paris precursor of the international herald tribune . in france , she married reporter john ashenhurst . the couple had one son and moved to chicago . unable to find a job as a journalist , anne ashenhurst became an assistant to an advertising executive e. frank hummert . at the blackett-sample-hummert agency , she rose in the ranks and became a full partner in 1933 , earning $ 100,000 a year . radio historian jim cox noted that when the two teamed to create daytime radio serials , they ... ... intended to seize the housewives `` attention and alter the pattern of their daily existence ... radio as americans experienced it during its golden age likely would have been vastly different had frank and
graduated with a bachelor of science with a diploma in education , ( bsc/ed ) from
was educated at auburn university , receiving a b.s . in 1958. he later received an m.s . from
first president of indiana university . wylie attended
was educated at
in the final . at age 15 , she played her first us open where she lost to katerina maleeva in the 2nd round . she attended
was born on june 30 , 1958 in fort oglethorpe , georgia . he graduated from the
( , b 1924 - aug. 11 , 2009 ) was an iranian painter whose works have been exhibited in major cities across the world , such as new york , paris , and rome . she was born to parents mohammad sadr mahallati and ghamar amini sadr in arak in 1924. sadr began her studies at the
received her bachelor of arts degree from
, a realtor and former member of the wisconsin state assembly . the van hollen family lived near chetek , wisconsin and later moved to delta , wisconsin . he graduated from
attended
that was embedded with his battalion . he commanded company- , battalion- , and brigade-size combat arms units during the war in iraq . he is a graduate of
was born in rochester , new york . he was educated at the
is a lighting designer for the theatre , dance , and opera . she was educated at
( manuel guix ) ( 8 december 1979 , barcelona ) is a composer , musical director and catalan performer . he has been linked to operación triunfo since its inception in 2001 , and has acted as a coach in every edition of the program . his career began in 1987 , at the municipal conservatory of music in barcelona and he also studied at the
received his early education in uganda . he attended
and carrie matilda derick . she received her m.d from
) , the young artist contest of occidental college , and the gainsborough award in san francisco . he continued his studies at the
can be heard as elviro on a 1994 recording of handel 's xerxes ( koch schwann ) , in recordings of russell currie 's music on the high fire label , and seen as betto on a video of gianni schicchi ( metropolitan opera guild ) . he graduated with a b.a . in english from
was born in 1960 in athens , greece . he studied photography in the athens school of arts and technology and received his ba ( honours ) from
) , fairley grew up in melbourne . he later studied at
, where he was a
( ) ( born 1959 ) is a lebanese-american painter and writer . he was born in amman , jordan to lebanese druze parents ( alameddine himself is an atheist ) . he grew up in kuwait and lebanon , which he left at age 17 to live first in england and then in california . a lover of mathematics , he earned a degree in engineering from the
( october 27 , 1856 -- march 17 , 1919 ) was an american painter , illustrator , muralist , writer , and teacher . cox was an influential and important early instructor at the
graduate
attended
( born 15 april 1970 in brooklyn , new york ) is an athlete from the united states who competed in the field of decathlon . he was the director and head coach of the men 's and women 's track and field and cross country programs at the
was born in 1964 in bucharest . initially , she studied medicine at the
was a professor of english at the university of wisconsin at madison , and chief editor of the dictionary of american regional english from 1962 to his death in 2000. born in kingston , jamaica on october 10 , 1907 , cassidy moved to the united states in 1918. he graduated from oberlin college in 1930 and obtained a master 's degree in 1932. by 1938 , cassidy had earned his doctoral degree at the
began playing guitar at the age of four . he grew up in a lower middle-class neighborhood in a suburb 25 miles west of st. louis , mo . donovan attended catholic school . although raised catholic , he describes himself as an atheist and is outspoken in his support of teaching evolution to children in school . as a child , donovan was a fan of classical music and studied classical guitar under john mcclellan ( luciano pavarotti ) . thom donovan was educated at
graduated from
, where he received the charles lucas prize for composition and the arthur hervey scholarship , as well as receiving a bbc sound on film commission . `` the last clarinet '' for orchestra and narrator was englishby 's first published work , and continues to be performed internationally . his other works include `` short symphony '' ( 1997 ) , `` string quartet '' ( 1995 ) and `` blackpool lights for orchestra '' ( 1993 ) . aside from these englishby composed pieces for his own group , the
, ( born 1928 , new york city ) is an american mathematician , known for his work on hilbert 's tenth problem . he received his ph.d. from
student
, a
is an attorney in private practice and a former state representative of the massachusetts house of representatives . she represented the 13th hampden district , encompassing portions of springfield , wilbraham and east longmeadow . she served in the massachusetts house for two terms from 1993-1996. she withdrew from re-election in 1996 to accept a position as legal counsel at the massachusetts turnpike authority . ( o'connel 1996 , p. a1 ) barsom attended clark university in worcester , earning a ba degree in government in 1982. she earned her juris doctorate from
( born in chicago , illinois on june 8 , 1948 ) is an american professional swimmer and olympic gold medalist . nelson attended
is a fantasy writer from boulder , colorado . bullington grew up in pennsylvania , before his family moved to the netherlands , and then back to the united states . in 2000 , bullington received his high school diploma from
( born september 15 , 1967 ) is a former running back who played for the san francisco 49ers and the new york jets in the national football league . he was drafted in the first round in the 1990 nfl draft . he played college football at
is a legal scholar in the fields of critical race theory , feminist legal scholarship , and criminal law . she has taught these subjects at
was born the youngest of six children on 28 may 1962 in winona , mississippi , us to a retired air force captain and a homemaker . when he was 11 years old , his parents died and tyler moved to anderson , south carolina to live with his sister . he studied at clemson university and graduated with a degree in geology . during this time , he was a member of a student theatre group , the clemson players . this experience sparked his interest in becoming an actor . he received his master of fine arts degree from the
is currently professor of music and director of the jazz studies program in the conservatory of music at purchase college . coolman received his ph.d. in philosophy from
spent his early years living in woking , attending the kingfield first and middle schools . giles benefited from a cricket-loving teacher , and became involved with district and county cricket at under-9 level . after his parents moved to ripley , surrey , he attended the
is
( october 16 , 1869 -- september 1 , 1945 ) was an american classical scholar , born in london , ontario , canada . he graduated from the
, who was to be from then a constant companion of both the rosselli brothers . it was in this period that he became a socialist , sympathetic to the reformist ideas of filippo turati , in contrast to that revolutionary thinking of giacinto menotti serrati . in 1921 he graduated with a degree in political sciences from the
is a contemporary chinese artist whose art work attempts to satirize much of modern chinese art . zhou does not paint his own works , though he earned an arts degree from the
was born in nes , in hedmark county , norway . he studied theology at the university of oslo receiving a candidatus theologiæ degree in 1932. during 1937 and 1938 , he was a scientific member of the norwegian expedition to tristan da cunha . during 1943 and 1944 , he was imprisoned by the german occupation forces . in 1944 , he studied sociology and graduating with a doctor of philosophy in 1946 with a thesis titled sociology of tristan da cunha based on the gemeinschaft concepts introduced by ferdinand tönnies . after 1946 , he completed linguistic studies at the
( arabic : محمد الأشعري ) is a moroccan writer and politician . he was born in 1951 in moulay driss zerhoun . he studied law at the
( born january 7 , 1970 seattle ) is an american film director , screenwriter and film producer . he attended college at saint mary 's college of california , graduating with a bachelor business administration , and was the founder of smctv , st mary 's college television station . twohy then studied at
and a journalist , diplomat and writer . he was a member of the first cohort of students to have finished high school in albanian language in the former yugoslavia in 1947/48 . he graduated from the
( 1770-1844 ) and louisa heath drury . he was educated at harrow school . in 1823 he entered
devoted herself to recitals and orchestra engagements , excelling particularly in french repertoire . she also taught at the
received an honorary doctorate from the
, popularly known as mandali , was born on the 4th of august , 1926 in
was born in zurich on october 19th 1872. he graduated from the
was born and raised in eastern massachusetts . she studied at
in atlanta , georgia and was a letterman and a standout in both football and track & field .
( february 21 , 1845 -- january 8 , 1905 ) , a member of the united states republican party , was the 43rd governor of maryland in the united states from 1896 to 1900 and a member of the u.s. house of representatives from the sixth district of maryland from 1873 to 1875. he was born in 1845 in clarksburg , west virginia ( then in virginia ) , a great-grandson of early bladensburg , maryland settler , christopher lowndes ( 1713 -- 1785 ) . he attended
went on to teach at various colleges and other institutions , with course topics ranging from speech-making to `` americanization '' . in 1929 , he completed a bachelor of education degree at the
was born in new york city in 1953. of puerto rican descent , reboyras moved to chicago with his parents at the age of twelve . reboyras attended the
was the son of hugh streatfeild ( 1867 -- 1950 ) and evelyn cherry ( d 1964 ) . he was educated at
was born in abia state in 1943 of igbo origin . joining the navy , he went to india for cadet training . his naval career included positions in personnel , logistics and training . he obtained honorary doctorate degrees from the
( mbe ) is a british television presenter and author who hosts the animal planet documentary series wildlife sos . he co-founded the wildlife aid foundation animal rescue and rehabilitation centre , the organisation whose activities are the subject of the television series . simon lives in leatherhead , surrey . he received a phd for biological sciences at
attended miami senior high school , miami , florida , graduating in 1954. he later attended
he received an honorary fellowship from the
's prize for mathematics and graduated with a b.sc . in mathematics with first class honours in 1929 at age 20. continuing his studies at the
, financed the college . ethiraj graduated from
( november 29 , 1908 - september 28 , 1985 ) , was born at wooton , bedfordshire , england , the son of a mechanical engineer , dudley l. thornton , and his wife katherine foster . he was educated in canada , where his family went in his youth , his father being employed by the canadian pacific railway . he attended
are visual artists . their work is a mixture of video , photography , collage and book art . taly is a film and tv graduate of new york university , was born in israel and has directed and produced several short narrative films . russ is a detroit native and a
served multiple functions , mainly as a venue for groups of people to gather to hear concerts , and to attend meetings and formal dinners . the freemasons met here from the 1750s until at least 1818. in january , 1755 , the boston news-letter advertised `` a concert of musick '' at the hall , tickets four shillings . the hall may have had `` a small organ by the london builder john snetzler from 1763 to 1774 . ''
was born in haverhill , new hampshire , march 4 , 1827 , one of twelve children of john and lois leverett nelson . nelson attended kimball union academy in meriden , new hampshire and dartmouth college . after two years at dartmouth , he enrolled at the
( persian : نگار آثاری صمیمی , born 1970 ) is a painter , photographer , sculptor , and graphic artist born in tehran , iran . she graduated with a bachelor of arts from the college of art and architecture ( tehran ) with a concentration in educational visual communication in 1993. after moving to the united states in 1994 , she earned a master 's degree in visual information technology from
was born 9 september 1815 in sheffield , the son of william beal , a wesleyan minister . he was educated at king 's college , london , and
graduated in botany from the
( born 14 april 1932 in beirut , lebanon ) is professor of psychiatry at
( june 16 , 1787-january 17 , 1860 ) was born in greene county , tennessee and grew up in tennessee and missouri . he grew up in a presbyterian household , although he was not terribly religious . however , after meeting some presbyterian elders who had moved from north carolina to his area in missouri , crowe became interested in pursuing a religious education . he attended transylvania college in lexington , kentucky , and then continued his education at
was born in crossville , tennessee on april 21 , 1971. he was a student at the
was born in san diego , california . she started her art career early in life at zamorano fine arts academy and san diego school of creative and performing arts . she received a b.a . in art in 1997 from
( born december 27 , 1984 ) is an american comedian , author , rapper and actor . he is best known for his involvement in the sketch and improvisational comedy group derrick comedy . pierson was born in phoenix , arizona . he attended
is an football ( soccer ) player who currently plays for brisbane roar as a centre back , or occasionally as a left back . he graduated from
attended
was born in thornbury in 1966. she was educated at the
was born in vågå in oppland county , norway . skrede was the youngest seven children . he was a student at elverum teacher school ( 1921 -- 24 ) . in 1928 , he was hired as a teacher and sexton in rauland , in telemark . he studied at the
at
was born in 1940 in alqosh to mushe aboona and meryam asmar . after finishing his elementary school in his home town his family moved to baghdad in 1952 , there he graduated from the law faculty at the
as a boy . in 2006 , williams married pornographic actress linsey dawn mckenzie . the couple have one child , luca scott
was born in detroit , michigan in 1949. at 15 , she attended
was born in saint petersburg into a family of french artists : his great grandfather , his grandfather , his father and his brothers ( including karl brullov ) were artists . his first teacher was his father paul brulloff . he attended the
studied at
attended the
was his elder brother . he was baptised on 2 february 1629. he studied at
was born and raised in new york city . he graduated in 1968 with a degree in english literature from
williams ( hhw ) was born in 1858 in gates county , north carolina . he was born to a farming family - his father was a country doctor who did not attend college . horace , fortunately , attended the academy in murfreesboro , north carolina , where he had `` an intellectual conversion which determined the direction of his whole future life '' ( origin of belief , p.196 ) . he went on to attend unc in 1879 , and he later he attended
( born may 24 , 1946 in st. john 's , newfoundland ) is a canadian film director and screenwriter . macgillivray studied art and design at
attended the city college of new york where he earned a b.e.e.e and m.e.e.e in electrical and computer engineering in 1975 and 1977 , respectively . he earned a ph . d. from the
studied at
, jr. was born and raised in portland , oregon . while her mother worked as a hollywood story editor , frank attended the
was born on june 3 , 1986 in reading , pennsylvania . he attended
; his brother , irving , was also a performer . he and irving also owned some of the key venues for yiddish theater in new york city . he played child roles from the age of 4 in cincinnati . his first adult role was at the arch street theater in philadelphia ( 1917 ) as the comic in panie romani . in 1918 he played in the peoples theater and the following year was buff-comic ( the company buffoon ) at the second avenue theater . in 1921 he played at boris thomashevsky 's
. in 2006 , 2007 , and 2008 dhers has won the ast dew tour .
is an american poet , author of three poetry collections , most recently , burning of the three fires ( boa editions , ltd. 2010 ) and curious conduct ( boa editions , ltd. , 2004 ) . her work has appeared in boston review , barrow street , colorado review , court green , harper 's , manhattan review , the nation , new american writing , poetry northwest , witness , and world literature today , and she has had poems featured on the writer 's almanac with garrison keillor . in 2006 , san francisco film-maker jay rosenblatt made a film based on her poem `` afraid so '' as narrated by garrison keillor . the film has been shown at several major international film festivals , and included on a program of rosenblatt 's work screened at the museum of modern art in october 2010. beaumont was co-editor of american letters & commentary from 1992 to 2000. she grew up in the suburban philadelphia area and moved to new york city in 1983. she earned her b.a . from eastern college and an m.f.a . in writing from columbia university . she has taught at
was born in glendale , california in 1946. his father fred was an athlete , sports writer and advertising executive . his mother arlene was an artist and interior designer . hare has one sister , kathy mcpherson , a master tole painter who has authored seven books on the subject . as a teenager , hare excelled in sports . in 1964 , as a high school senior , he was selected all c.i.f . in basketball . the same year he was awarded honorable mention as prep all-american . hare was introduced to volleyball while at
is an american journalist and author . she is a graduate of
and northeastern university . he was a member of latin academy 's baseball , football and track teams . his uncle
, headed by american regionalist painter grant wood . metcalf continued his studies at coe college in cedar rapids with stone city co-founder marvin cone . metcalf graduated from coe in 1936 , then attended the school of the museum of fine arts , boston . he received an honorary doctorate degree from coe in 1964. during his late twenties , and during his military service in world war ii , metcalf studied european master painters in italy and france . this formal european influence affected his style , which differs from the earthy realism of his american regionalist mentors . metcalf was well-known and very active in the boston , massachusetts art community . today , his works can be seen at the café pamplona in cambridge , massachusetts , addison gallery of american art in andover , massachusetts , and at the
, ph.d. ( january 31 , 1925 - october 8 , 2008 ) was the author of several books about subliminal advertising and subliminal messages . controversial from the start , the books were widely read , particularly at universities , where he would often lecture . he obtained his doctorate in communications from the
( july 23 , 1862 -- february 8 , 1925 ) was born in louisa county , virginia during the height of the american civil war . as a youth , he learned to work diligently for everything , even though he was a frail boy . he received his early education in the local private and public schools and , later , at the
( born 1943 ) is professor of old testament at gordon-conwell theological seminary , an interdenominational evangelical seminary . he received his b.a . magna cum laude from
started playing guitar at 8 years old when his parents gave him a plastic ukulele . jack graduated from
( born 1968 ) is professor of political analysis at the university of sheffield . he studied social and political science at
attended the
, who went on to score over 10,000 points in the nba , and tim stoddard , who played basketball at
, who played his college football at grand valley state university and formerly played for the baltimore ravens and the denver broncos . former nfl offensive lineman
relating to
, who is an ordained disciples of christ minister and chaplain , as well as another sibling , both of whom were adopted by the mcdormands , who had no biological children . as her father specialized in restoring congregations , he frequently moved their family , and they lived in several small towns in illinois , georgia , kentucky , and tennessee , before settling in the pittsburgh , pennsylvania area town of monessen , where she graduated from high school in 1975. she attended
( december 29 , 1738 -- september 25 , 1804 ) was a u.s. congregational clergyman and academic . he was educated at the dummer academy ( now known as
was born in london , england . as a young boy , he had a love of music . at the age of five , he began composing and by the age of fourteen he enrolled in the
attended the
was born in west pittston , pennsylvania in 1937. he was educated at the philadelphia college of textiles and science where he earned a b.s . in textile engineering in 1959. he later served as the college 's chairman of the department of textiles . he earned a m.s . from the institute of textile technology ( itt ) , located in charlottesville , virginia , in 1961. barnhardt also received a masters of education degree and a doctorate in education administration from the
, popularly known as bill lee , was born in charlotte , north carolina in 1929. he attended
( c. 1490 -- 1545 ) was a late medieval scottish prelate . born around 1490 in glasgow , he was the son of thomas stewart of minto . details about his early life are obscure , but it is known that he attended the
, the utah banker and industrialist . he earned a bachelor of science in finance in 1956 from the
. kurup was educated at the
( born 1990 ) is an american contemporary artist . he attended
was raised in new york city . she studied music at mannes college and received a ba from
was born in pittsburgh , pennsylvania on november 6 , 1928 to louis n. matz and alice ( née krieger ) matz . he studied chemical engineering at the
is associated with a number of notable people , including both former students and faculty . for instance , two nobel prize laureates as well as two german chancellors have studied or worked in greifswald .
was born and raised in sierra leone 's fourth largest city of koidu town , kono district to prominent mandingo parents . he attended the
, in 1607. in 1612 he visited his exiled uncle
was born on june 16 , 1903 , in richmond , virginia and died in december 1987 in richmond . he received his higher education at the
is an american gymnast ( born september 19 , 1977 in cincinnati , ohio . she attended the
obtained his mbbs degree from the
and architecture has supported and educated many key figures in the arts . in 2009 an exhibition , from art school to university : art and design at brighton 1859-2009 , paid tribute to many of them and included turner prize winners , iconic design work , cutting-edge dance for camera and classic rock and pop imagery . turner prize winners
, who is from , established the rockland county scoring record ( 314 points ) . he attended
, new york university , then finally university of detroit before graduating . he began acting as an extra in his elder brother , director
was known most commonly by his middle name , andrew , and he was educated at
was born in 1973 in bad oeynhausen , germany , and lives and works in berlin and new york city . he is a graduate of the
and joan brady . he was educated at
, 1st baronet dl ( june 6 , 1871 -- may 20 , 1929 ) was the only son of sir max waechter . he was a businessman and philanthropist , who started developing the garden , now called `` ramster '' near chiddingfold in surrey , which he purchased at some time between 1890 and 1900. he also had property in salisbury , southern rhodesia ( now called harare , zimbabwe ) . he was educated at
was born on january 18 , 1951 at dampar in ibi local government area of taraba state . he attended
passed the competitive examination for the indian civil service ( ics ) and arrived in india on 2 november 1871 , having obtained his ba degree from
was born in oslo in 1930. he studied at the
was born in chicago , illinois , and moved to williams bay , wisconsin when he was five . he became an avid science-fiction and fantasy reader and occasional wargamer , and graduated third in his high school class . he attended
, originally of flint , michigan , and eva may herron . his older half sister was ethel may fox , a music teacher , born in michigan to charles aldrich fox and katie eldridge . always very private about his own early history . he was educated at
became chairman of the agricultural bank of china limited in january 2009. he obtained a phd in law from
was born in bacoor , cavite in 1993 to william and eleanor so , who are both accountants . he was aged 6 when his father taught him to play chess and was 9 when he started to compete in junior active chess tournaments where his aggressive and tactical style of play caught the attention of former philippine chess champion im rodolfo tan cardoso . cardoso said , `` the young lad ... would sacrifice a queen or any other pieces in his arsenal to get a winning attack . '' also according to cardoso , so did not have the full sponsorships enjoyed by the other chess prodigies , saying `` he can not afford decent training given by well known gm-coaches and has to rely on his pure talent , diligence and , of course , the fritz programs before competing . '' wesley formerly attended the
and graduated in 2004 after a three year course , where he achieved a badc-level ii gold grade too . he is currently managed by burnett granger crowther associates ltd. and member of equity ( trade union ) . after his departure from emmerdale , ayden has been cast in danny patrick 's new film , the best years ( movie ) . we will see him playing the role of frank mcknight . in 2010
. he also studied at
manor served as the inspiration for the 2003 independent film camp written and directed by stagedoor alumnus
was born to berry gordy , sr. and bertha fuller gordy in oconee county , georgia . she was the couple 's second oldest child and eldest daughter . when she was two years old , her parents moved to detroit , michigan . edwards ' younger siblings included sisters anna , the late loucye , and gwen , as well as brothers fuller , george , berry and robert , who was the youngest of the family . edwards attended detroit 's prestigious cass technical high school . she later graduated from
( 1907 -- 1997 ) , in 1931 , he entered the
was born in 1948 in lancaster , pennsylvania . he attended
, ( born 7 march 1986 in swansea , wales ) is a welsh rugby league player currently playing for limoux grizzlies in the elite one championship . he was educated at
was born in bø in telemark , norway . after he emigrated to america in 1887 , he attended the faribault public school . he had studied for the lutheran ministry and attended the haugean lutheran church red wing seminary from 1887 to 1892. he graduated from the
( born 1943 ) is an american speculative fiction writer and poet who was born in chicago and grew up in southern california . he received a b.a . in economics from the
is a first generation american , born in suffern , ny to immigrant parents . she is the daughter of anand singh , an indian maharaja and gisa singh an austrian model . sabine grew up in an environment full of cultural diversity , biracial ancestry , and a desire to explore her heritage through the arts . before graduating from nyu 's tisch school of the arts , singh attended the university of michigan , as well as the london academy of music and dramatic arts ( lamda ) and the british american drama academy both in london . continuing her love of shakespeare , singh also studied at
( 1906 -- 1967 ) was the son of indian leader sardar vallabhbhai patel , an indian freedom fighter and later a member of the parliament of india . educated in bombay , dahyabhai patel graduated from the
( mit ) , during which time , he was also a
is an american with filipino heritage . she studied fine arts at
is an american playwright and writer best known for coming up with the original concept of the rock opera rent ( which was based on puccini 's opera la bohème ) . he also came up with additional lyrics for rent , and he almost completely wrote `` santa fe '' . in addition to rent he has written many one act plays such as of two minds , guilt , night rules , and in the middle of the night which was performed as part of the ensemble studio theatre 's 2011 marathon . other plays by aronson include light years and the news . he also helped create musicals such as no dogs allowed , and flurry . he has written for many popular children shows , such as postcards from buster , , the upside down show , and courage the cowardly dog . he attended
( new york city ) , and columbia grammar school , a college preparatory school , in new york city . he graduated from the columbia school of architecture in 1900 and continued his alumni networking there throughout the rest of his career . following graduation , he worked the next two years a draftsman in the office of ernest flagg from 1900 to 1902 and later as supervisor of construction for van vleck and goldsmith from 1902 to 1903. after a period of european travel and study in paris from 1903 to 1904 , he then entered into a partnership with fellow columbia graduate gustave e. steinback . the firm , known as reiley and steinback continued in practice from 1904 through 1913 and was responsible for many buildings for roman catholic clients throughout the eastern united states . after the partnership was dissolved , both men went on to lengthy careers designing roman catholic churches , with reiley 's firm known as
provided him with a problem for his doctoral thesis , which he later completed at
( born 12 april , 1978 is a nigerian women 's basketball center . ogugua attended
( may 22 , 1958 ) spent his early years in montana . at age 6 , he was first exposed to great sculpture at the 1964 new york world 's fair where michelangelo 's pietà was exhibited outside of italy for the first time . sisko moved to suburban seattle at age 13 , where he resided through high school . at the age of 20 , he began study in the fine arts at western washington university where he met tom sherwood . beginning in 1979 , sisko studied studio practices under sherwood for the next eight years . during this time , sisko also attended the
( 25 june 1912 - 15 february 1999 ) was an australian writer . stewart was born in melbourne into a wealthy australian family with pastoral interests in the bathurst district of new south wales . he was a great grandson of major general william stewart ( 1769 -- 1854 ) lieutenant governor of new south wales from 1825 to 1827. stewart received a spasmodic education at
( 1887 - 1957 ) was an american poet associated with the imagist group . his surname is pronounced with the accent on the second syllable . he was a friend of william carlos williams , and like ezra pound he came from philadelphia . cannell studied at the
was born in llandudno , north wales . he studied at the
, appointed to the court in 1846. woodbury had attended tapping reeve law school in litchfield , connecticut , the most prestigious law school in the united states in that day , prior to his admission to the bar in 1812. however , woodbury did not earn a law degree . woodbury 's successor on the court , benjamin robbins curtis , who received his law degree from
obtained his doctoral degree from
was born in brooklyn , new york . he graduated from
( born january 6 , 1960 in chicago ) is a retired track cyclist from the united states . he attended
( born 3 may 1982 , in apia , samoa ) is a new zealand rugby union player . he attended
trained at
( april 2 , 1902 , new york city -- june 18 , 1998 , newtown , connecticut ) was a lyricist , playwright , producer and actor . he attended the
, jr. is a city councilman at-large in philadelphia , pennsylvania . councilman goode is the son of former philadelphia mayor w. wilson goode . he was born on august 9 , 1965. he graduated from
was born in connecticut near the start of the post-world war ii baby boom . he graduated from
was born in new philadelphia , ohio and grew up in westerville , ohio , where he attended
in east orange , new jersey , macrae graduated from deerfield academy in 1940 and served as a navigator in the united states army air forces during world war ii . prior to this , he attended
was born in japan , but his family moved to the united states that same year . he grew up in houston , texas graduating from memorial high school . he attended
attended
is an american quantitative methodologist and policy analyst . he received his ph.d. from the
( born january 23 , 1940 , perth amboy , new jersey , u.s. ) is an american writer and critic , the son of a russian immigrant father and a mother of romanian descent . he graduated from
was christened on 6 april 1602 , at st nicholas cole abbey , london ( near st paul 's cathedral ) , the son of robert triplett , master of the stationers company of london , and margery ( cartwright ) . triplett was educated at
, and he then studied at the manhattan school of music . in 1955 , he went on to the
, faia , ( november 1 , 1920 - june 17th , 2011 ) was an american architect who served as the architect of the capitol from january 27 , 1971 to november 21 , 1995. he was born in cleveland , ohio and attended the massachusetts institute of technology at the age of sixteen . he graduated with a b.s . and an m.s . in electrical engineering in 1941. he later received an m.b.a. from harvard and a j.d . from
is a developer and owner of real estate located in thirty-nine u.s. states and puerto rico . he has significant interests in more than 150 shopping centers , office buildings , hotels and industrial/storage facilities . in addition , mr. furman is the president of rd management llc and oversees the operations of all its affiliates . following his graduation from
attended
was born in a rural peasant family in hu county , shaanxi on march 19 , 1905. the famous chinese educator yu youren recommended him to joined the chinese nationalist party headed by dr. sun yat-sen in caton . so he travelled to there with other fellow students from shaanxi and attended the
pursued the master of fine arts ( mfa ) degree in poetry at the
chair of mental philosophy and logic , from 1925 to 1939. he was the brother of the writer and engraver
( b. may 23 , 1921 ) was born in kankakee , illinois . henry earned his bachelor 's degree from
( 1694-1774 ) and his wife mary fauquier . he was educated privately and at
( born 21 january 1989 in durban , natal , south africa ) is a cricketer who plays for surrey . his family came to england in 2001 , and he was educated at
studied chemical engineering at the
was born in nottingham , england . he attended
originally studied danish at the
graduated from
, a professional actress , and thorn pendleton , who ran a tool company . pendleton is a graduate of
, an alleged graduate of the
( born 7 january 1941 in chester ) is an english actor . tall , thin and gaunt , steiner attended the
was born in richmond , british columbia . she graduated from
. omaha 's
was born in kidangoor , kerala , and studied at the minor seminary of ernakulam and the major seminary of kandy , from where he obtained a doctorate in theology ( with a dissertation entitled : `` augustine vs. pelagius on grace '' ) . servant of god fr.varghese payapilly palakkappilly was the manager of st. mary 's high school , alwaye where he had his boarding life . he also attended the
( 1806 -- 1884 ) was born in new haven , connecticut and died in berkeley , california . he attended
, he was active in football and track , graduating in 1984. during his high school years his political views were heavily shaped by the career of everett high school alumnus
( 1662 -- 1744 ) was a scottish roman catholic priest and historian . he studied at the
was born in cleveland , ohio . she attended
and yehudi menuhin . artists and musicians were regular lunch guests at the family home . he was educated at uppingham school and gained an honours degree in music at
lazzari in cerritos , california and grew up in artesia . he has a twin sister named charity . allen is of predominantly italian origin , with the `` dose '' of german origin . he was raised within a `` strict '' roman catholic household and regards himself as being a `` deeply spiritual person '' because of his upbringing . allen attended
( march 11 , 1927 -- december 7 , 2010 ) was an african-american civil rights activist and educator . she taught at
( born 1969 in saint paul , minnesota ) is an american playwright . he graduated from
was born in 1704 in dublin , the 9th son and 14th child of the 6th earl of abercorn . he was educated at
was born on 4 october 1916 , in perth , scotland , one of five children ( three girls and two boys ) of captain cuthbert joseph hay and letitia griffith fausset . he was educated at
, after the more famous player/manager john mcgraw , in order to maintain his amateur status . mcgraw was an alumnus of
( 4 august 1896 -- 31 january 1953 ) was a unionist politician in northern ireland . born in belfast , in 1896 , son of john sinclair dl and alice montgomery , he was educated at the
( born in 1975 ) , and asia ( born in 1987 ) . nicole graduated from
on concord boulevard was renamed in his honor ( see below ) . film star tom hanks and broadway actress meredith patterson were born in concord . actor mark hamill , olympic gold-medalist natalie coughlin and mixed martial artist gil castillo have also been concord residents . actor/comedian
, md is one of the world 's leading vitreoretinal surgeons and has developed many of the techniques and devices used by vitreoretinal surgeons worldwide . he is on the editorial board of retina and a reviewer for ophthalmology , archives of ophthalmology , american journal of ophthalmology , and british journal of ophthalmology . he is a mechanical and electrical engineer and has 106 issued or pending patents . he is a consultant for alcon laboratories and the principal architect of the alcon accurus and alcon constellation vision system . he is the founder of microdexterity systems , developing robots for dexterity enhancement for minimally invasive knee and hip replacement , spine surgery , and skull base neurosurgery . he is the president of infinity research , inc ; a medical device and avionics consulting company . he has received the wacker medal from the club jules gonin , the first founders medal from the vitreous society , was inducted into the university of miami school of medicine medical alumni association hall of fame , and was named by ocular surgery news as one of the top ten innovators in the past 25 years . he is a clinical professor at the university of tennessee and an adjunct professor at columbia college of physicians and surgeons and chinese university of hong kong . after four years in engineering school , he completed medical school at the university of miami school of medicine . he did research all four medical school years at the
was born in new york , new york usa . he attended
, was an all-american swimmer and captain for ohio state from 1969-71. he attended the
was born in 1964 in bristol , virginia . she attended mars hill college in north carolina , where she earned a bachelor 's degree in physical education . she was also a star for the women 's basketball and volleyball teams , and earned all-america honors in both sports from the national association of intercollegiate athletics ( naia ) . in 1998 , she was inducted into the college 's sports hall of fame . in 1988 , wagner earned a master 's degree in athletic administration from
( born january 13 , 1935 in gonzales , texas ) is a former american football defensive end who played professionally in the american football league ( afl ) . he played college football at the
is an american film director ( born june 3 , 1971 ) from medford , massachusetts . he graduated from
when he was eleven years old , and after shaking hands with the president , reportedly refused to wash his hand for a week . he attended public schools , and in 1938 graduated from kansas state university in manhattan , kansas , where he also earned his army reserve commission in the reserve officers training corps ( rotc ) . in 1941 , he graduated from
, a small liberal arts college located in winter park , florida , in 1939. at that time a small theatre was named in his honor . the original
is charles & nancy davidson distinguished professor of operations management and director of the center for intelligent supply networks ( c4isn ) at the university of texas at dallas . he has also taught at rice university ,
attended the
was admitted to darjeeling school in 1932. after passing the matriculation in 1943 he came back to east bengal . later that year he was admitted to
, the adopted son of pink floyd guitarist david gilmour and a student at
was brought up in a village in buckinghamshire , where he attended the royal grammar school , high wycombe , his time there overlapping with ian dury and roger scruton . he studied french at the
played on all the above session work , in the mid-1960s jones was often studying music full-time at
was born in bronx , new york to jewish parents lillian ( née weinstein ) and albert balsam , who was a manufacturer of ladies sportswear . he attended dewitt clinton high school , where he participated in the drama club . he studied at the
was born in the bronx and grew up in syosset , nassau county , new york . she graduated from
, was an all-american tennis player at
, with whom he continued his studies at
( 1938 - ) is a u.s. artist specializing in photorealist paintings . valerio was educated at the
is a contemporary artist born in birmingham in 1975. he studied painting at the
) . he played collegiately at the
( 1949 - 21 september 2008 ) was an irish journalist and economics editor for the irish times . tansey was a former deputy editor of the sunday tribune and assistant editor of the irish times before becoming the paper 's economics editor . he was educated at
was born at kushtia , nadia district ( now in kushtia district , bangladesh ) to kailash chandra sengupta and saudamini devi . his birth name was jagadish chandra sengupta which he never used in his literary career . he was born on july , 1886 ; but the exact date of his birth is unknown . as a child gupta went to the village pathshala ( primary school ) run by ramlal saha . later he came away to calcutta and was admitted into city collegiate school from where he passed matriculation examination in 1905 and admitted to the ripon college ( now
enrolled at the
( 1750-early 1800s ) was an italian painter active in the neoclassic period . he was born in valsassina . he studied in milan at the
is an award winning news anchor with wcsh6 in portland , maine . williams has won several awards from the associated press and the maine association of broadcasters for her anchoring and reporting . she has been with wcsh since 1989. she graduated from the
lives in portland , oregon . she graduated from
. he gained his ba from
's big band , where he remained through 1959 ; he also played with visiting american musicians around this time , such as oscar pettiford , stan getz , dexter gordon , lee konitz , ben webster , and kenny dorham . in 1963-64 he studied at the
( -- ) was an american basketball player and coach . he played basketball at the
, santa cruz where he studied under peter elsea and experimental music pioneer gordon mumma . in santa cruz he hooked up with camper van beethoven , apparently for life . he moved to san francisco in 1989 , where he worked with many bands including his own hieronymus firebrain and jack & jill , moved to los angeles in 1997 to work for dane davis at danetracks , a film sound post production facility , then back to oakland , california in 2001 , where received a master 's degree in music composition at mills college , studying with fred frith , pauline oliveros , alvin curran and joelle leandre . he is the son of irwin h. segel , a professor of biochemistry at university of california , davis and author of biochemical calculations .
since 1989. he was raised in madison , indiana . he attended
was educated at the
at the juilliard school and in 1960 he received a bachelor of music therapy from the
, in washington , d.c. , and also studied at washington school of ballet . thomas ' father would take his son to see all the great ballet companies that would perform at the kennedy center for the arts . his father would then ask dancers if they would grant his son classes , and they often obliged . at age 13 , thomas trained under dawei zhange at the maryland youth ballet ; of zhang , thomas said `` the technique i learned from him is the blueprint that 's allowed me to have a career . '' at the age of 13 he become the youngest person ever to receive the jury prize at the 1994 paris international dance competition . although he was enrolled at kirov in time for the 1996 varna international ballet competition , the school had a policy of only sending dancers sure to win the gold . so thomas represented the seiskaya school of ballet of new york instead ( with whom he was doing guest performances at the time ) and gerald arpino , arthur mitchell and debbie allen sponsored him at a cost of $ 30,000 . at 15 he was awarded the junior gold medal at the event , becoming the youngest ever to win and while on a foot he injured in karate class . after his win , the new york times announced , `` look out , world .
was born and raised in sydney , australia , where she attended james ruse agricultural high school . she graduated from the
was educated at
, becoming , on january 1 , 1790 , house surgeon of st. george 's hospital . in 1791 he received his license from the royal college of surgeons in london , and was invited by dr. hunter to assist him in his professional practice , but after a few months went to the
was born in nagar kurnool town of mahabubnagar to nagam venkata reddy and narayanamma . he completed his medical education , m.b.b.s . at
while he attended
is the emily sanford professor of comparative literature and english at yale university . she received a b.a . in english from the university of alberta in 1982 , an a.m. in english and american literature from harvard university in 1983 , and a ph.d. in comparative literature from stanford university in 1990. prior to joining the faculty at yale in 2002 , trumpener taught at the
in 1999. prior to starting wli , dr. wolfe was on the faculty of the
was the eldest son of robert gray and isabella l. waterman . gray attended
( born ca 1980 ) is a radio reporter , host and producer . she is frequently heard on npr radio . she joined npr as a business reporter in 2009. in her words , she `` aspires to make business stories relatable to all of our listeners , not just those that read the wall street journal '' . in addition to business and economics , she has covered a range of other major news events , including the earthquake in haiti . she started in news reporting by writing and voicing essays for npr 's weekend edition sunday as a teenager . keith has a graduate degree in journalism from the
is a novelist and short story writer who has reviewed extensively for the uk national press . koning was born in kuala belait , borneo , in 1954 , and spent her early childhood in venezuela and jamaica . she was educated at girton college , cambridge , and the university of edinburgh -- the setting for her first novel . since the early 1990s , she has worked as a travel writer and journalist -- most recently for the times . she has also taught creative writing at the
( born september 16 , 1947 ) is an american film theorist and art historian . she received her ph.d. in english from brown university . she taught at
, who would already be a member of the quorum of the twelve when christofferson was called to the same quorum . after his mission , he earned a bachelor 's degree from
is an american journalist and entertainer from the state of hawaii . during the late 1990s and early 2000s , she was one of the few filipino americans from pangasinan on television featured on a regular basis in the state . born and raised in honolulu on the island of oahu , hamada graduated from
's column `` amok '' , and a community contributed article , `` voices '' . emil guillermo has been a journalist for more than 30 years . after ten years in television news , guillermo became host of npr 's all things considered , in 1989. after leaving npr , guillermo worked as press secretary and speechwriter for then congressman norman mineta . he returned to media as a local television and radio talk show host in washington , d.c. , sacramento , and san francisco . as a writer , guillermo has contributed jokes for jay leno 's monologues . his written often satirical commentaries have appeared in newspapers throughout the country . his book amok , a compilation of his asianweek columns won the american book award in 2000. guillermo is also the winner of both a california newspaper publishers association award and a national inland press association award for his mainstream newspaper work . he has won awards from the radio-tv news directors association , society of professional journalists , the asian american journalists association , and has been nominated for local tv emmy awards . a native san franciscan , guillermo graduated from
and moved to buffalo . he graduated in 1846 from the
attended
( born 1955 , oslo , norway ) is a norwegian film director . hans petter was the first born son of odd moland and sigrid eid moland , and has a younger brother named morten moland . he is a film graduate from
was born in glasgow , scotland on april 19 , 1914. his parents were hezekiah merricks arnott and susie willock fullarton . he attended the
and married prescott sheldon bush on august 6 , 1921 , in kennebunkport , maine . they had five children : prescott `` pressy '' bush , jr. ( 1922 -- 2010 ) , george h. w. bush ( 1924 ; ( named after dorothy 's father ,
( 1886 -- 1985 ) , also known as shirley marie russell , was an american artist best known for her paintings of hawaii and her still lifes of hawaiian flowers . she was born shirley ximena hopper in del rey , california , in 1886. she graduated in 1907 from
was born and raised in los angeles , california . he is from a jewish background . irons grew up using his family 's cutlery as drumsticks , playing along to whatever was on the radio . he talked his parents into buying him a drum set , and took a drum class . irons attended bancroft jr. high school in hollywood , where he met future bandmates michael `` flea '' balzary and hillel slovak . he then went on to attend
was educated at
and was born at blessingbourne , near fivemiletown , county tyrone , ireland . he was educated at
( 1877 -- 1966 ) was an american economist and educator . fairchild was born in crete , nebraska . his father was arthur babbitt fairchild , a descendant of thomas fairchild who settled in new england in 1639. he was a brother of henry pratt fairchild , a sociologist and educator . fairchild attended
is the author of one of the few published books detailing the experience of an american student during the 1989 velvet revolution in what was then communist czechoslovakia . from 1988 to 1991 , kukral was a doctoral student in geography at the
, 1st viscount molesworth . robert attended
( born 1974 in new haven , connecticut ) is jazz pianist who began studying piano at age eight . he studied at the
and mary ( steele ) tyler and christened william , tyler attended the
, a canadian author , journalist and photographer , grew up in kitimat , british columbia . his family then moved to toronto , where he attended
( april 18 , 1889 in lowell , massachusetts -- february 17 , 1973 ) was e. k. hunt professor of anatomy at yale university school of medicine . his early years were spent in springfield , massachusetts , while most of his later life was spent in new haven . in 1908 he was admitted to the
, sr. , a military cook , was stationed in germany at the time of his birth . jackson is one of 27 major league players who were born in germany . he spent the first eight years of his life in germany until spending the rest of his youth in columbus , georgia . jackson attended
and later worked at the institute for advanced study in princeton , new jersey , the university of chicago , the university of michigan , yale university , and the statistical research group at columbia university . though his thesis advisor was sumner myers , he also credited
did his undergraduate work at the
, a school to which he later returned to participate in an english class ' analysis/video conference with lead singer ,
was educated at the
is an american basketball player who played one year at
was born in new york , the daughter of publisher gene smith and publicist lois smith , who has worked with robert redford and other actors and directors . her high schooling was done at tappan zee high school in orangetown/ blauvelt , ny . she attended the
is a graduate of
is an american film director born in 1973. he has made many commercials and documentaries helping the afflicted and poor . he graduated summa cum laude from
( born 1980 , rabat , morocco ) is a moroccan actor whose first co-starring role is whatever lola wants , directed by nabil ayouch and co-starring laura ramsey as lola . the film premiered 11 december 2007 at the dubai international film festival . bouab attended
( born 1958 ) is the professor of gender and cultural studies at the university of sydney . she received her doctorate in communications from
( born 4 february 1961 in birmingham ) is a retired english discus thrower , who is a twelve-time national champion . weir attended
. he was educated at
is a cambodian politician . born on 1 january 1956 , son chhay graduated in 1984 from
, later moving on to los angeles to lecture at the university of california , los angeles . he was appointed professor at the city college of new york in 1940 , but after a public outcry , the appointment was annulled by a court judgement : his opinions ( especially those relating to sexual morality , detailed in marriage and morals ten years earlier ) made him `` morally unfit '' to teach at the college . the protest was started by the mother of a student who would not have been eligible for his graduate-level course in mathematical logic . many intellectuals , led by john dewey , protested against his treatment . albert einstein 's often-quoted aphorism that `` great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds ... '' originated in his open letter in support of russell , during this time . dewey and horace m. kallen edited a collection of articles on the ccny affair in the
, m.d. , emeritus professor of medicine at tulane university school of medicine , attended medical school at the
is a professor of organic chemistry at the university of california , santa cruz - where he has taught since 1989. professor singaram is an expert in the area of boron-based organic chemistry . professor singaram gained his ph.d. from the
was educated at
( born january 3 , 1988 in chicago , illinois ) is an american college football player at
( march 1 , 1811 -- august 18 , 1864 ) was a democratic united states representative for the 23rd district of new york . he was born in paris , new york in 1811. babcock first attended hamilton college and then transferred to
is the former president , chancellor and current president emeritus of
attended a service at chicago 's
was born in youngstown , pa , and moved with his parents to new castle , pa , in 1901. he was a student in the army training corps at the
was born in ferrara , italy on july 15 , 1966. he graduated with a degree in biological sciences from the university of ferrara ( m.a . equivalent , summa cum laude ) in 1992. from 1990 to 1991 he attended the
of verona . after the end of the conflict he entered the
and david mayner in partnership since 1998. the architects are known for minimalist design , evident in five pioneering art galleries that moved into the chelsea gallery district from the soho neighborhood during the late 1990s , the proposed expansion of the whitney museum of american art , and the mori arts center ( 2003 ) in tokyo . richard gluckman studied architecture at
( née michelle ann `` missy '' holt ) ( born october 1 , 1965 ) is an american self-proclaimed model and socialite . the oakton , virginia , native is a very active member of the washington , d.c. , social scene . she graduated from
, a blackfriars merchant . he was educated at
has been a senior fellow at the usc center on public diplomacy since 2005. he was an outside adviser to president bill clinton , a foreign policy adviser to howard dean 's 2004 presidential campaign and continues to counsel political leaders in america and abroad . barber was educated at
read french and romance studies at the
( december 6 , 1922 - january 30 , 2010 ) was a fashion designer . born in kansas city , missouri , joy graduated from high school early , at age 15 in june 1938. for one year , she studied at the
was born on august 16 , 1981 , in beirut , lebanon.he is the eldest son of his lebanese father marwan baassiri and his palestinian origin mother dahouk , he has two brothers ( mazen and haitham ) and one sister ( rasha ) . iwan holds a degree in hotel management from the
grew up in lysaker in oslo . from 1899-1902 , he was a student at the royal drawing school , now the norwegian national academy of craft and art industry in oslo . arneberg began his education of the architect with employment as assistant to the architect , alfred christian dahl ( 1857-1940 ) in oslo from 1888-1900. arneberg studied at the
was born in carmichaels , pennsylvania . he attended
is an american university sports administrator and a former assistant american football coach . dr. zenger is currently the director of athletics at the
and anne lyons . he was a graduate of the
( born 1971 ) is a dutch architect . he studied architecture and industrial design at the
( 1905 -- 87 ) , was educated at
has an undergraduate degree in electrical engineering and computer science from university of california , berkeley . as a college senior , he received the bechtel engineering award . he also has an mba through a joint program between harvard business school and
college of art and design of the university of the arts london -- where he studied stanislavski 's system of method acting alongside actors
is an american author . born in philadelphia , she earned her b.a . at brandeis university , and her m.a . in english literature from tufts university . she taught english literature and composition at
is a biochemist with natural balance pet foods in pacoima , california . dr. haghighi received his ph.d. in biochemistry at
. at age fifteen , he collected his first orchids in easton . he was educated at
was born in rector , arkansas in 1937. he attended marmaduke high school in marmaduke , arkansas . he then went to
( born october 15 , 1971 ) is a former american football linebacker in the national football league . he attended
in peterborough , ontario . as an ungraduate student backpacking around the middle east , her bus was hijacked in lebanon . she earned a bachelor of arts economics and history honours , from trent university in 1976. she took the foreign affairs officer 's exam initially because she thought it would be good practice for the law school entrance exam . she accepted a job offer on the middle east desk at the department of external now foreign affairs in 1976. she earned a masters in public administration from john f kennedy school of government at harvard university . in 1984 .
is a professor and head of political science in the school of social and political sciences , university of melbourne , australia . she was previously a public lawyer , and a lecturer at monash university until 2001. she studied at the
( c . 1712 -- 1780 ? ) was an academic at the university of oxford . he matriculated at hart hall , oxford in 1727 at the age of 15 , obtaining his bachelor of arts degree from
( born september 22 , 1986 ) is an american actor and stuntman best known for his roles in the spike tv original series deadliest warrior and for voicing the character of shin in capcom 's live action film zombrex : dead sun rising . he graduated from the
is a producer , director and writer best known for his projects with rob burnett . he was born in 1969. he graduated from
gee graduated from
( born september 3 , 1983 ) is an american singer-songwriter and guitarist . born and raised in upstate new york , griffin attended high school at
was born in charlotte , north carolina on march 3 , 1957 , and baptized at st. ann 's catholic church in 1957 by a priest who would later become bishop michael j. begley , the first bishop of charlotte . he attended
was born in 1963 in london . his father is biologist r. j. berry . he attended
founded in 1820 by
( 1893-1983 ) , a native of dodson in winn parish . walker 's mother , the former genevieve james ( 1900-1960 ) , was the youngest of fourteen children born to mr. and mrs. william calvit james , originally from boyce in northern rapides parish . the senior walker , who graduated with a business degree from
was born on december 20 , 1974 , in detroit , michigan . she graduated from eisenhower high school , in shelby township , michigan in 1993. she graduated from alma college in alma , michigan with a ba in elementary education in 1997. in 2007 , haase received her masters of education , reading and language arts from
is a public high school located in . there are approximately 250 students in each class . the school is known for its outstanding marching band program , which has won the state title 18 of the past 27 years . it is also known for its st. croix fusion girls hockey team which has won three state championships in the 2009 , 2010 , and 2011 seasons and gymnastics team which has 21 state appearances and 6 state championships . international fashion models frankie and
( born c.1947 ) is the chairman and ceo of trader joe 's . bane graduated in 1969 from the
studied anthropology at
was born in princeton , new jersey , april 13 , 1785. he entered
german studies , english studies and pedagogic . after university studies she worked for german television . in 1980s she worked for deutscher fernsehfunk ( dff ) . in 1989 she had her own television show sprungbrett . after die wende she worked for german broadcaster ard , ndr and mdr . from june 1994 to 2003 she presented schlager show feste der volksmusik on german broadcaster ard . since january 2004 she presents on german broadcaster zdf the show willkommen bei
was born in lyon , france on 11 november 1905 , into a catholic family with a military tradition . he studied the germanic languages at the
, a clergyman and lexicographer , and he was born on 11 june 1760 in llandough , glamorgan , south wales . he was educated at
, from which he graduated in 1877. clarke earned a law degree from the university of iowa in 1878 and then moved to adel , iowa . he married arletta greene on june 27 , 1878. he served four years as justice of the peace and in 1882 formed a partnership with john b. white for the practice of law . from 1901-09 , he was a member of the iowa house of representatives , serving as speaker from 1904-09. he was the 22nd lieutenant
ne berlin in brooklyn , new york , to a conservative jewish family . she attended the berkeley institute , a private girls ' school in brooklyn now called the
and volker heinemann in 2004. miriam kennet , co-founder , director and ceo of the green economics institute , received an maib in economics and international business from south bank university , and most recently an msc in environmental science and economics from the
was born april 2 , 1868 , in nashville , tennessee , son of robert mcphail and lititia ( trimble ) smith . the younger smith attended
competed at the 1974 commonwealth games in the 110m hurdles , and four years later in both 110m and 400m hurdles . he attended the
was born in san diego , california . he played at
. she is a strong defender of french language in louisiana , and a member of cief ( conseil international d'études francophones ) . she has published her poems in numerous magazines and several bilingual poetry books in french and english . she was awarded with some literature prizes and is a professor at the northern michigan university .
( born 1949 ) is a children 's author . she taught children 's literature at
in 1970 and met a student named martin von haselberg . they became good friends and had the same interest in performance arts in which they wrote plays and performed sketches for the school . they were both asked to leave after the first year because of there rebellious encounters with the school . both
, editor of the standard newspaper , by his wife susanna , daughter of francis moran . he was educated at
was born in calgary , alberta in 1982 and grew up in whitehorse , yukon and fredericton , new brunswick . she is a graduate of
( née siegel ) was born in 1912 in campulung , romania . she grew up in the home of her grandfather , and attended hebrew school and a government-run school . between 1930 and 1934 , she studied at the
, the father of john , sir edward and thomas greaves . between the ages of fifteen and seventeen he studied at
graduated from
attended the
( born 1961 ) is a cellist from the united kingdom . she studied with joan dickson and amaryllis fleming at the
was the son of samuel gladstone enitan rotimi a yoruba steam-launch engineer ( a successful director and producer of amateur theatricals ) and dorcas adolae oruene addo an ijaw drama enthusiast . he was born in sapele , nigeria . ; cultural diversity was a recurring theme in his work . he attended st. cyprians school in port harcourt from 1945 to 1949 , st jude 's school , lagos from 1951 to 1952 and the methodist boys high school in lagos before traveling to the united states in 1959 to study at boston university where he obtained a b.a in fine arts ' . in 1965 , he married hazel mae guadreau originally from gloucester ; hazel also studied at boston university where she majored in opera , voice and music education . in 1966 he obtained an m.a . from
, ( 1886 -- 1989 ) , was an american impressionist painter and one such exhibitor at aic from 1912-1915. born in oak park , she studied at the chicago academy of fine arts , where she also taught , and the at the currently named
, who said he wanted the fight but he also ended up turning down the bout because he was unahppy with the $ 1.35 million offer he received from
( born jennifer mary haynes ) ( 18 november 1941 -- 8 december 1979 ) was a 20th century australian poet and playwright . rankin was born in and grew up in sydney and went to ravenswood methodist school . she then studied english and psychology at
attended
( born 1950 ) is a retired american diplomat . she was born in the free territory of trieste , today part of italy , but grew up in portland , oregon from the age of five . she received an m.a . in international affairs from the george washington university in 1972 and b.a . in political science from portland state university in 1971. in may 1999 , she received an honorary doctorate of international affairs from
and eleanora brevitt mackenzie marbury . he was privately tutored as a youth , and also attended baltimore city college and deichmann gymnasium school . he received his b.a . degree in 1902 from johns hopkins university , and his ll.b . degree from the
( also transliterated merjanski ) ( ) ( born 30 july 1955 in sofia ) is a bulgarian poet , playwright and translator from english . he graduated in history from saint kliment ohridski university of sofia . he lives in the united states where he graduated with master 's in history ( 2007 ) from
, a. kanyakumari , trichur v. ramachandran , yogam santhanam , charumathi ramachandran , vanaja narayanan , t. m. prabhavathi , meena subramaniam , jayanthi sridharan , jayanthi mohan , rose muralikrishnan and bama visveswaran . she also taught music to children at the
and harry ) . shortly after she was born , her family moved to atlantic city , new jersey , where she was raised . samuel became a pediatrician , and harry a high school teacher . she earned her undergraduate degree at
was born stacia scott to alfred l. scott , a notable realtor in grand rapids , mi and phyllis scott on june 8 , 1967. she attended
( born on may 16 , 1954 in white plains , new york ) is a physicist working on string theory . he graduated from
is an actor , writer , and stand-up comedian born and raised in alexandria , virginia . he graduated from t.c . williams high school ( prominently featured in remember the titans ) . he graduated from
, pavia , then at the
is an author , lecturer , and philosopher who writes and speaks on ethics , english usage , and practical political philosophy . he graduated from
's medical missionary work in gabon , and resolved with schweitzer 's encouragement and guidance to create a similar third-world hospital . he and gwen grant mellon enrolled at
, senior republican senator on the senate energy and natural resources committee , also received her jd from
was born in dire dawa , ethiopia on 12 february 1985. she attended
( born in montreal , quebec , canada on august 29 , 1937 ) is a retired canadian-american academic and university administrator . while attending the university of western ontario , dr. olscamp was a member of the delta upsilon fraternity . he received his bachelor of arts and master of arts degrees in 1958 and 1960 , respectively . he received his doctorate in philosophy from the university of rochester in 1962 , the first such degree awarded there . his continuing love of the subject was evident during his time at
( 6 march 1805 -- 27 may 1885 ) was a sportsman and sportswriter in scotland . he was born in edinburgh to james colquhoun , 3rd baronet of luss , dumbartonshire and janet sinclair . he was educated at the
has also been in broadcasting ; she recently retired as the weekday news anchor on wxyz-tv in detroit , and was the first woman to anchor the evening news in america when she began her career in 1972 at wilx-tv in lansing . they met in the mid-1970s while working together at wilx-tv . timmons graduated from
and laura , and three grandchildren . mark graduated from
graduated as bachelor of science at the
( ; born october 3 , 1957 in multan , pakistan ) was the pakistani federal minister for religious affairs , belonging to the pakistan peoples party under the cabinet of prime minister yousaf raza gillani . kazmi was born in a well-to-do religious family ; his father , ahmad saeed kazmi , was a prominent sufi and islamic scholar . he is one among eleven siblings . he obtained a master of arts degree from the
( june 23 , 1707 -- october 28 , 1780 ) was born at little urswick , near barrow , and lived there for most of his life . he was trained as a plasterer , but became a self taught portrait painter and attempted to make his name in london c.1737-52 . he attended
( born 1949 ) is a man who set out to sail around the world alone as a teenager in the summer of 1965. national geographic magazine carried the story , and he co-wrote a book detailing his journey called dove . graham was just sixteen when he set out from southern california and headed west in his 24-foot boat . he got married along the way , and after almost five years , sailed back into his home port . after he and his wife patti attended
( born october 13 , 1960 ) is the former white house press secretary for u.s. president george w. bush from january , 2001 to july , 2003. fleischer was born in pound ridge , new york ; his parents were jewish , his mother a hungarian immigrant who lost much of her family in the holocaust . he graduated from
in brandon , manitoba . in addition , musician
is a british journalist , writer and musician . she was born in london , the child of two german-jewish refugees from nazi germany . she studied english and american literature at the
( march 1 , 1924 -- august 3 , 1993 ) was a chilean writer , known since her earliest writings for the subversive nature of her texts . she first wrote la brecha ( `` breakthrough '' ) in 1961 , which is considered to be the first feminist latin-american novel . this novel caused dismay from the reactionary segment of society and loud applause from the critics and is considered a revolutionary departure from the traditional treatment of the feminine role in marriage . `` breakthrough '' is a novel that ends with the heroine awareness that she did n't really need to depend upon a man in order to lead a fulfilling life . the book enjoyed an unexpected publishing success and went through five consecutive editions . mercedes valdivieso had the extreme audacity to become an innovator ; she bridged the gap between romantic and domestic fiction in a society where women have been viewed as a sexless gender , icons of virtue , and depending on men to meet the necessities of life . valdivieso also was founder and director of `` adan '' a men 's magazine , she published articles in newspapers and magazines and she gave many lectures and speeches . she taught literature at the university of peking , at the university of houston , at stephen f. austin state university in nacogdoches , at
earned his bachelor 's and master 's degrees in electrical engineering from the
studied for a year ( 1960 ) at the higher air force navigators school in orenburg , but he was discharged as a result of an armed forces reduction . he continued his studies at the
. he attended the
was the son of the rev . g. k. morrell , fellow of st john 's college , oxford . he was educated at
( born april 18 , 1987 in pomona , california , u.s. ) is an american professional basketball player . he plays in the dutch basketball league for landstede basketbal and averages 14 points and 8.1 rebounds per game . he is a graduate of the
( february 16 , 1976 -- ) is an american poet . born in indianapolis , he received degrees in english and spanish from
( born 1946 ) is an american writer , artist , and naturalist living on the coast of northern california . she is the author of a collection of poems , knocking on the earth ( wesleyan university press , 1989 ) , and an illustrated children 's novel , sarah 's waterfall : a healing story about sexual abuse ( safer society press , 2009 ) . she received a b.a . from
, who was voted canada 's top athlete for the first half of the century.http : //www.histori.ca/sports/conach.html he was educated at toronto 's
, founder of the fairey aviation company . he was educated at eton and
has been a resident of glebe since 1960. he was educated at
was born in edenkoben , rhenish palatinate , to james and catherine ( née wigman ) blenk . born and raised in a protestant family , he was the youngest of seventeen children and also a twin but his twin brother died at six months . in 1866 he and his family emigrated from germany and moved to new orleans , louisiana , in the united states . his parents died only some weeks later and the orphan james blenk was brought up in a catholic family . converting to catholicism at age 12 , blenk was baptized at st. alphonsus church in 1869 and later confirmed by archbishop napoléon-joseph perché . after completing his primary education in new orleans , he entered
( born march 5 , 1969 ) is a canadian film and television actor of welsh and hungarian descent . he has a degree from the university of calgary . he attended the
and olympic swimmer michael phelps also attended the
i was born at stanton , near highworth , england , in 1613 to rev . john woodbridge v ( 1582 - 1637 ) and sarah parker . john was sixth in a line of men by the same name -- all ministers -- the first of whom , rev . john woodbridge i , was a follower of john wycliffe , a 14th-century translator of the bible . he studied at the
writer , composer and director , was born in st. lucia in the west indies in 1960 , and came to england at the age of five . as a teenager he worked with the albany theatre in south london , where he wrote and directed his first play , school 's out , in 1980. worrell was educated at the
is a maine politician . she is a republican member of the maine house of representatives representing new gloucester , durham and part of lisbon in androscoggin and cumberland counties . she is a member of the inland fisheries and wildlife committee . espling resides in new gloucester with her husband steve and their four children . she attended
's grammar school , coatham and
and delia jarvis tudor . he graduated from
served as a member on summit county council for 22 years . he began his first term on county council as an at-large member in 1988. he was then elected as the district 4 representative , serving from 1993 to 2006. district 4 is composed of portions of west , north and central akron . prior to his service on summit county council , crossland was as a member of the ohio house of representatives from 1973 to 1983. in 1983 , he was appointed assistant director of the ohio department of youth services by governor richard celeste . crossland earned a b.a . from
first of stanmore , and later ( 1924 ) of finchley , both in north london . he was educated at
with a bachelor 's in information systems management in may 2005 , but university spokesman neil tickner said there were no university records to confirm his enrollment at this university , and that `` the name '
, o.s.b . is the president of new england 's third oldest catholic college , saint anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire . growing up in bristol , rhode island , he graduated from
. he studied violin , composition , and public school music at the new england conservatory and in europe . he received an ma degree from the university of utah and a ph.d from the
was born in harrison , new york . he received his b.a . in 1934 from new york university ( nyu ) , with majors in german and latin , and his m.a . from nyu a year later . he held a fellowship at the university of bonn ( 1936 -- 37 ) . he received his ph.d. in 1947 from
earned a b.a . in psychology from the university of texas at dallas and a b.s . in computer science from chapman university . he also earned a m.s . degree in space operations from the
and ann sybill and the brother of henry hyde and lawrence hyde , who became attorney-general . born at wardour , hyde was educated at
( born july 20 , 1971 ) is an american alternative rock singer , songwriter and multi-instrumentalist and a member of the indie-rock bands sebadoh and the fiery furnaces . he grew up in northampton , massachusetts , where he attended
. he attended st. thomas high school and the university of dallas , from where he obtained his bachelor of arts degree . he also earned a master of divinity and of theological studies from the
( 1931 -- 13 march 2008 ) was born in newcastle , new south wales . he was educated at the jesuit school , st louis in perth and at xavier college in melbourne . he earned an ma from melbourne university and his phd from harvard where his doctoral dissertation was a historical ethnography of the marquesas islands . from the late 1960s he became the centre of an ethnographic history school called the 'melbourne group ' . he taught sociology and history at la trobe university , melbourne and one semester of anthropology at the university of hawai'i before being appointed max crawford professor of history at the
.
was born and raised in san francisco , california . he graduated from
in ohio in 1978 .
was born in huntington , connecticut on february 5 , 1865. he enrolled at
was born 1903 , in pender , nebraska , to john bird miller ( born a slave ) , and to nora herbaugh . his family moved to kansas when he was a boy , and he graduated from high school in highland , kansas . later , he attended the
was born in june 1936 in bryn mawr , pennsylvania . he is a poet , and an amateur pianist . he began teaching writing in 1966 at the university of vermont until he retired in 2001. he has attended harvard university , philips exeter academy , and the juilliard school of music . he has received degrees from the
( 1829 -- 1895 ) was an american congregational minister , born at kilmarnock , ayrshire , scotland . he graduated at the
received her associate of science in nursing from
( 강석희 ) was born at yeji-dong near jongno 5-ga in seoul , south korea to merchant parents from the city of kaesong . he served military draft duty in the republic of korea army from 1973-75 and immigrated to the united states in june 1977 from south korea after receiving his bachelor 's degree in agricultural economics from korea university in seongbuk-gu , seoul . when he was in a college , he joined the english debating club named seoul ptc ( pine tree club ) and served as the president from 1971-72. he received an honorary doctoral degree in business administration from
was born in genoa to nicolò and giulia ( née bellavista ) siri ; his father was a stevedore . he entered the minor seminary of genoa on october 16 , 1906 , and attended the major seminary from 1917 to 1926. siri then studied at the
was born and raised in tripoli . he later went to canada to study at the insistence of his father and received his bs in engineering from the university of guelph . at guelph he became deeply interested in philosophy and in science and stayed on to complete an ma in the philosophy of science , and then a phd in hermeneutics from the university of guelph . his doctoral work on operational hermeneutics was published in 2011 by kalam research and media . pursuing further his academic interests he studied islamic philosophy and theology at the
was born on october 6 , 1769 , in berkeley county , virginia , a son of john boyd and sarah griffith boyd . his father was one of the early emigrants to the county . he entered liberty hall academy , a predecessor of
received an honorary doctor of humanities degree from
studied with composers mel powell , earle brown , pauline oliveros , and paul lansky , and graduated with a doctorate in composition from princeton university . after completing her studies , she taught composition at oberlin college conservatory of music . she also taught at
, a 28-year old pe instructor at
was born on lomaloma , lau , fiji islands . after completing his studies at the
graduated from boys high school in 1931. he attended the
( born january 7 , 1942 , bangor , maine ) is an american writer of science fiction , mysteries , and spy thrillers . he attended phillips exeter academy and received his ba from
( 25 june 1897 chester -- 20 october 1952 london ) was an english character actor who featured in many british films of the 1930s and 1940s . he trained at the
was born in new orleans ; his mother was the former corinne waterman ( 1921 -- 1959 ) . he grew up in new orleans but graduated from allen military academy in bryan , texas , where he was in the reserve officer training corps . he earned both undergraduate and law degrees from
was born in the akele guzaie province of eritrea , then an italian colony . one source believes he received his earliest education in italian schools in asmara and keren , although bahru zewde believes he studied at the swedish mission school in asmara . following a chance meeting with ras taferi makonnen ( the later emperor haile selassie ) , he received a scholarship to study in france , and spent eight years at the
is an australian architect . he graduated from the
attended
( 1869 malta - 14 april 1957 ) was an english book illustrator , cartoonist , caricaturist and a commercial and poster artist , possibly best known for his iconic images of the bisto kids , bovril , lux and lifebuoy . he received his art training at the
was born in grand falls-windsor , newfoundland and labrador , canada . he earned his ba hons and ma in history in the department of history , memorial university of newfoundland , and his phd in history at the
and his family struggled during the great depression , when tragedy struck in 1936 with the death of frank 's father in a mining accident . his mother was left alone to raise the family during this economic struggle . the family survived with the help of a cow that was kept in a shed along with a pig and some chickens . they all helped keeping up a garden and during frank 's younger years , they had no outside form of income . frank mcketta was lucky to be a part of a family in which all of the children received high school education at this time in history . he attended south huntingdon high school which is now known as yough high school . after high school only one of his sisters went to college . frank mcketta chose to work along with family members at the mcketta coal company until he saved enough money to enter into the police academy . after saving enough money , he entered the police academy in hershey , pennsylvania on september 1 , 1937. his career as a trooper started when he was first assigned in luzerne county , where he was able to see first-hand the signs of corruption in the law enforcement . he later attended
was born in tehran but spent his early life in yazd , iran since his father had a career as a physician there . he received his diploma in natural sciences from iranshahr high school in 1971 getting the first rank in the whole country . ahmadieh obtained his m.d . degree from
as a graduate student of classical chinese literature . she graduated from peking university with an m.a . degree in 1925. after that she held teaching appointments at jinling university in nanjing and zhongfa university in beijing . in 1930 , she was appointed as one of the first female professors at peking university . from 1932 to 1935 , she worked on a doctoral thesis on classical chinese literature at the universite de paris in france . during the second sino-japanese war , feng yuanjun and her husband
( born 1938 in rokulan , sanda tendaren , bombali district , sierra leone ) is a former student of 'the bo school ' , a graduate of
is an indologist at brown university . he studied at the
was educated in france , at
graduated seventh in his class from the united states military academy in 1932. in 1935 , he received a master 's degree from the
was born in santa rita , new mexico on october 2 , 1946 , the daughter of porfirio madrid diaz and mary romero . she attended the university of california , los angeles , graduating with an a.b . in 1970. she then attended
received an honorary doctorate from
was born on 13 january 1960 in bramhall , cheshire , england . his father , alex , was a chemical engineer and his mother , joan , a housewife . bullen was raised with his sister jane in solihull , where he attended
, j.d. , is a cross cultural thought leader and the founder and chief executive officer of universal consensus , a global consulting firm specializing in cross cultural consulting and training services for multinational companies . she is a member of the u.s. state department speaker & specialist program . she earned a ba degree in psychology in 1983 , from columbia university , barnard college , new york . she earned her `` juris doctor '' in 1987 , from
was an economist . born november 12 , 1925 , in phoebels prussia on a farm , he escaped the nazi invasion with his family . he graduated from
earned a bachelor of science degree in chemistry in 1941 from
was a 1953 graduate of the
was raised in a family of entrepreneurs and philanthropists , son of marge and les ebeling . he was born in long beach , california and raised in phoenix , arizona where he attended
was born in 1969 in indiana . he attended pike township schools in indianapolis . he and his parents converted to judaism when he was 7 , and he attended
and was educated at the westminster school and
, a graduate of
, a carpenter , of painswick , gloucestershire , and his wife judith , daughter of roger lancaster of hertfordshire . he graduated m.a . at
, as did lord byron , who was some years younger ; he spent 1795-8 at marischal college , but left without graduating . when byron published an account of his marriage in 1816 , scott called this publication indelicacy ;
was born in bingara , new south wales , on 16 november 1898 , the fifth child of henry percival cowper , a surveyor , and his channel islander wife amy fraser ( née farquhar ) . cowper was a descendant of poet william cowper and colonial administrator philip gidley king . he was educated in england at
( born september 9 , 1966 ) is a former american football tight end . he played college football at
, was a king 's counsel , his grandfather , william charles windeyer , was twice attorney-general of new south wales and judge of the supreme court of new south wales , and his great-grandfather , sir richard windeyer , was a barrister and member of the first elected parliament of new south wales , sitting in the new south wales legislative council . windeyer studied at
. kingsclere became his home at the age of 26 and it is here that earned his reputation as an internationally respected trainer . balding was educated at
, northfield , mn , where he earned his bachelor 's degree in 1971. from 1973-77 , he studied pharmacy sciences , child & adolescent development , and epidemiology in the graduate school of the university of minnesota , where he earned the master of science ( 1975 ) and doctor of philosophy degrees ( 1977 ) . he then received a national institute of mental health postdoctoral research fellowship award to study psychopathology , psychiatric epidemiology and biostatistics with professors ernest m. gruenberg and morton kramer at
( b . 1985 ) , a student at
( 11 october 1990 ) is a football ( soccer ) player and member of the aruba national football team . he has 3 caps for national team . his playing position is left back . during the fall semester of fall 2009 , he studied abroad at the
and eleanor arsenault . gallant was educated at
is the son of an iranian-american surgeon and an italian-american nurse . he was born in pittsburgh and grew up in the boston area and in bedford , new hampshire . in 1979 , he graduated from
was hired to write the movie and stuart heisler became director . moss attended
( born 25 january 1975 ) is a former rugby union footballer who played at centre for bristol , castres , wasps and cambridge university . he also attended
was born to emanuel albert and josephine ( lehman ) meyer on june 2 , 1929 in gettysburg , pennsylvania . she attended swarthmore college from 1947 -- 1951 and received a b.a . in english . the following year , she attended the
and brother of sir cyril wyche . he was educated at
also represented dulwich on the greater london council 1977-81. he is an honours graduate in jurisprudence from
, paul galbraith , graham devine and john feeley . he studied at the
( born 1951 ) is a canadian sculptor and artist . he was born in montreal , quebec and he studied psychology at the
was born in oslo in 1930. he studied at the norwegian institute of technology ( nth ) , and he received his doctorate degree in 1959 from the
( rmc 1929 ) cbe dso ed qc was born in kingston , ontario ( on ) . he was the son of arthur breden cunningham and katherine ( gordon ) cunningham of kingston . he was educated at kingston collegiate , upper canada college in toronto , ontario . he graduated from the royal military college of canada in kingston , ontario in 1929. he studied at osgoode law school ,
attended the
( b . 1967 ) is a member of the university of bristol 's department of german . he studied french and german at the
interiors is based . he attended
has performed hundreds of concerts as a soprano saxophone soloist worldwide . he is probably the first musician in the world to have a solo career as a classical soprano saxophonist with the focus on commissioning new music from living composers . he played at the
( born 1952 ) is currently the chief financial officer and executive vice president of wal-mart stores , inc.. he has been with the company since taking his positions in january 2000. prior to joining wal-mart he was with black and decker where he held the same positions of cfo and executive vice president from 1993-1999. he attended
was born in roslyn heights , new york to working-class parents ; his father was a plumber and his mother a cafeteria worker . as a student at bucknell university , langone worked various blue collar jobs as a butcher 's assistant , a caddy and a ditch digger . while at bucknell , langone became a member of sigma chi . after graduating in three and a half years , langone headed back to new york , this time to manhattan instead of roslyn heights . while working full-time during the day , langone attended
( b . 1922 , south london ) is a writer of mystery fiction credited for inventing the `` woman 's police procedural '' and known for her series of inspector john coffin novels . she has also published a series featuring female detective charmian daniels under the pseudonym jennie melville . butler read history at
was known among the members of the ius as the embodiment of the soldier-scholar , serving in the armed forces for twenty-two years . his service in the u.s. armed forces began as an enlisted member of the constabulary force in germany after the end of world war ii . he returned to the u.s. to study at the citadel . after graduation with honors , he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the u.s. army and became one of the first men to join the 10th special forces , led by the legendary aaron bank operating behind the iron curtain . in this capacity he also served on an island above the 38th parallel on the west coast of north korea during the korean war . sarkesian 's experiences in the korean war were formative in the development of his ideas concerning the opportunities and limitations of unconventional warfare . he then joined the 11th airborne division for service in germany and the first infantry division in vietnam . he then taught in the social sciences department of the u.s. military academy at west point . sarkesian 's personal decorations include the bronze star with combat v device and oak leaf cluster , the legion of merit , and the army commendation medal . he was one of the last combat infantry men to receive glider qualification and was a master parachutist with 85 jumps . he received his doctorate from
was born in fort sam houston , texas on january 4 , 1905 , the son of george van horn moseley and alice dodds moseley . his father , then an officer in the 1st cavalry division , later rose to become a major general and vice chief of staff of the army during the hoover administration . colonel moseley grew up on army posts and in washington dc , where he graduated from western high school in 1922. he graduated from the united states military academy in 1927 , he subsequently served on various assignments , obtained a masters degree , taught english at west point and served in tientsin , china as a company commander with the 15th infantry regiment during the 1930s . he commanded , trained and jumped into normandy with the 502d parachute infantry regimenthttp : //101airborneww2.com/index.html on d-day 1944. , june 6 , 1944. he was injured on the jump but refused to be evacuated , commanding his regiment from a wheelbarrow for two days . after convalescing in england , he returned to the united states to command the 2d parachute training regiment at fort benning , georgia . he attended the
( born 28 november 1988 in napier , new zealand ) is a professional rugby player who plays for hawke 's bay in the air new zealand cup and the blues in the super 14. he also played for new zealand under 20 who won the world cup in 2007. he was educated at
'' then known as shawn carter , was abandoned by his father and in 1982 , he shot his brother in the shoulder for stealing his jewelry . carter attended eli whitney high school in brooklyn , along with future rapper az , until it was closed down . after that he attended
, was a former governor of delaware and his cousin , thomas clayton , was a prominent lawyer , u.s. senator , and jurist . john m. clayton studied at berlin , maryland and milford , delaware when his parents moved there . he graduated from
was born in fort worth , texas and grew up in san diego . he received a b.a . in 1969 from
was born in rutland , new york on june 23 , 1824. in 1846 he graduated from hamilton college , and in 1849 from
( born 1956 ) is an attorney and partner in the orrick , herrington & sutcliffe llp in menlo park , california , usa . hermle earned a b.a . in physical anthropology from the
sr. , was chief representative for the axel springer publishing company in the 1960s . kracht attended schule schloss salem in baden and lakefield college school in ontario , canada . he graduated from
, sr. and annabelle smith , who was from a prominent south carolina family . he was born in lynchburg , south carolina and attended the webb school , a highly regarded boarding school located in bell buckle , tennessee , where he met the teacher he would revere all his life , john webb . rice then attended
was raised in las vegas , nevada . he attended
was born in pergola to terenzio and giuseppina ( née profili ) roberti . he was baptized on the very day of his birth . after entering the minor seminary of pesaro in 1899 , he received the clerical tonsure on december 26 , 1901. roberti studied at the
, surgeon , was born in 1888 at narrabri , new south wales , son of australian-born parents george dismore upjohn , watchmaker , and his wife jane , née mckenzie . upjohn was educated at
was born in new york city on july 10 , 1965 to literary parents . his father , the late hugh amory , was noted as the most `` rigorous '' and `` methodologically sophisticated '' historian of the book in early america . he attended the
was educated at king edward 's school , birmingham and
. they currently live in grosse pointe park , michigan , with their two children . he has a degree in philosophy from
( born december 25 , 1970 ) is the co-founder ( with mike treder ) and director of research of the center for responsible nanotechnology ( crn ) , and has worked in the field of advanced nanotechnology for over 15 years . he obtained his bs in symbolic systems and ms in computer science from
is a graduate of
was born and raised in new jersey where he first started skateboarding in 1983 , and he earned a b.a . in marketing from
, a graduate of
was educated at
studied at the school of industrial art ( renamed the
professor of international history and politics at the graduate institute of international and development studies of geneva . professor xiang obtained his phd at the
attended
( born february 7 , 1993 ) is an american teen actor . his most notable role was as aidan keller in the 2002 horror film remake the ring , and its 2005 sequel the ring two . he has also appeared in the 2000 film panic as sammy . some people may remember him as the character `` charles wallace murry '' in the film version of a wrinkle in time . in 2008 , dorfman appeared in the film drillbit taylor . he will be co-starring , along with thomas haden church in zombie roadkill . dorfman is also currently a student at ucla (
and received his bachelors in civil law in 1959. from 1981 to 1995 , he married the singer céline lomez . afterwards ,
, also known as `` commander gujrat '' , son of chaudhry zahoor elahi , was born in 1960 in gujrat . he is a graduate of george washington university in usa where he completed a bachelors degree in political science . for his primary and high school , he attended the
holds a masters degree in business from the
was abandoned by his father when he was young and was raised by his mother and grandmother . later moving to eddystone , pennsylvania shortyo attended eddystone elementary school where he got a nack for music from his 3rd grade teacher . shortyo attended
began writing when she attended
and his wife henrietta jane emma hawks atkinson , daughter of john atkinson . his younger brother was wentworth beaumont , 1st baron allendale . beaumont was educated at
project head dr. brand .
in new orleans , louisiana . during the fall of 2005 , xavier university closed down , after hurricane katrina devastated the city of new orleans .
at first studied history in the estonian university of tartu and became a teacher of political science . between 1996 -- 2001 , he studied singing with aino kôiv at the heino eller music school in tartu , and from 2001 until 2007 , he studied at
was first elected to legco in 2000 , was defeated in 2004 due to a dodgy electoral strategy , and re-elected in 2008. wong obtained his bachelor of social work from the
graduated from the
( 1917 -- 1991 ) was an american diplomat . after his education at
( born january 23 , 1987 ) is an american football quarterback who is currently with the indianapolis colts of the national football league . he played college football at west virginia , and was signed by the san francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent following the 2010 nfl draft . he served as the starting quarterback for the
was born in siasi , sulu to a christian father and a muslim mother she earned a journalism degree at the
is the son of derek kennard , who played in the national football league with the arizona cardinals , the new orleans saints and the dallas cowboys , helping the latter to win super bowl xxx . the elder kennard , a native of stockton , california , attended the
attended the
. he graduated from the
( 1833 -- 1892 ) and his wife . his father was then a member of the new york state assembly , and several times in later years was elected speaker of the assembly . the junior husted attended private schools , the peekskill military academy , and cutler 's school , new york city . he was graduated from phillips academy , andover , massachusetts . he graduated in 1888 from yale university in 1892 , where he was a member of skull and bones , and in 1894 from the
( 1 march 1911 - 21 november 1973 ) was an american academic and historian . he was born in philadelphia , pennsylvania . he graduated from frankford high school in 1928. in 1932 he received an bachelor of arts from the
's father is a member of the u.s. secret service . joe holds a b.a . from the
in settling the date of the d-day invasion , but unfortunately , this is mere legend . his input from maine may have been of some minor help , but he was still too young and inexperienced to have been involved in such important matters . however , by korea , he was involved in major decisisons where weather was an important factor . he graduated from
. he was educated at
is an american producer , engineer , mixer and musician . from 1982-1985 he attended
( 1754 -- 1828 ) , a theologian who was acting minister of the spanish and portuguese jews in london , 1804. meldola was the only son of samuel meldola ; married ( 1886 ) ella frederica , daughter of dr maurice davis md of london . he was educated in chemistry at the
holds graduate degrees in physics ( 1961 ) and philosophy ( 1971 ) and a postgraduate degree ( candidate of sciences , 1974 ) from the
is the first chair and bt professor of major programme management at oxford university 's saïd business school and is founding director of the university 's bt centre for major programme management . he was previously professor of planning at aalborg university , denmark and chair of infrastructure policy and planning at delft university of technology , the netherlands . flyvbjerg received his ph.d. in economic geography from
was born on april 12 , 1875 in hampstead , london , his father being a businessman with interests in sheffield . he was educated at
was born in vineland , new jersey to russian-jewish immigrants sophie and max bank . bank 's formal education began with an associate of arts degree from los angeles city college in engineering . in 1935 he earned a degree from
( currently a well known artist manager to stars such as will smith , p. diddy , jlo , mariah carey , and usher ) attended
graduated from
is regarded as one of female bodybuilding 's pioneers . she studied art at the
( also known as j.e.r . carpenter ) ( january 7 , 1867 -- june 11 , 1932 ) was the leading architect of luxury residential high-rise buildings in new york city in the early 1900s . he studied at the
( september 14 , 1864 -- october 4 , 1947 ) was born at wakefield , virginia in isle of wight county , virginia , but was raised in surry county , virginia . his preparatory education was received at hanover academy in hanover county , virginia after which he attended massachusetts institute of technology for two years and virginia military institute , from which he graduated in 1886. turning then to law , he entered washington and
was a younger brother . after being educated at merchant taylors ' school under richard mulcaster , he was sent to
( 13 june 1908 , palermo - 20 january 1998 , palermo ) was an italian musicologist of international renown who specialized in italian music from the late medieval , renaissance and early baroque eras . in 1931 he earned a degree in art history from the
was born in findlay , illinois just outside decatur . his mother raised him after his father died from the spanish flu . mr. cribbet received his undergraduate degree from
is a canadian cinematographer ( dop ) . ukrainian-born mikhail graduated from
was highly intelligent , and so was able to get a good education by winning scholarships . from an early age he developed a strong interest in radio and cricket . he entered
was the son of william bourchier of beningbrough . he was probably educated at
graduated from
is professor of history at pace university , he received his ph.d. at
( 1903 -- 1978 ) was an american publisher . he was born in sullivan , indiana in 1903. his family moved to florida nine years later when his father bought the st. petersburg times . nelson returned to indiana to get his b.a . from
attended m.k.čiurlionis and vilnius 23rd schools . in 1973 , he graduated from the
studied at the
. following his college years he went to work for a family firm his grandfather founded , cleworth publishing . after years , his family sold the business and goodenough joined kalo communications as president , and publisher of u.s. banker , which was later sold to thomson media . goodenough went on to become the president of thomson media 's banking publishing/conferences group ( previously usb corporation ) , which was responsible for more than 80 products and events . in 2003 , with financial backing from spire capitol , he launched highline media , which was acquired by summit business media in 2006. by 2007 , he was named president of summit business media , and less than a year later he took the post as chief executive officer . in his career to date , he has been responsible for more than 15 acquisitions .
studied music at the
earned his college degree in industrial engineering at the
. he studied at
( 1970 ) is an american actress , producer , and director . she attended the
, a fellow jamaican sprinter and
was born on november 1st , 1928 , in south gate , california . he briefly attended
studied design at the universität der künste berlin (
is a professor in the department of biochemistry , government medical college , kota . sharma became editor-in-chief of indian journal of clinical biochemistry in 2006. he is also chief editor of apfcb news asia pacific federation of clinical biochemistry . sharma is an alumnus of
( 1777 -- 1857 ) was mayor of buffalo , new york , serving in 1838 -- 1839. he was born in 1777 in massachusetts . in 1799 , he graduated from
was born at elmina in the central region of ghana . he had his secondary education at the
`` penny '' chenery tweedy ( born january 27 , 1922 ) is an american sportswoman who bred and raced secretariat , the 1973 winner of the triple crown . the youngest of three children , she graduated from the
graduated m.a . at
, serving on its board of directors from 1955 to 1962. in 1962 , the university of maine 's main library was renamed the
( 1837 -- 1916 ) , english music composer and teacher , was the son of john barnett 's brother , joseph alfred , also a professor of music . john francis carried on the traditions of the family as a composer and teacher . he obtained a queen 's scholarship at the
, of jewish heritage . his family and community were steeped in intellectual and socially progressive activism and were devoted to social justice . an activist from his early youth , goodman graduated from the progressive
herself trained in ballet like her mother , at the elmhurst ballet school and for two years at the central school for speech and drama in london . she attended the central school of speech and drama at the
of london , and was born in bedfordshire about 1610. he matriculated at
graduated from
completed the international baccalaureate at
( ) is the ambassador of the united arab emirates to the islamic republic of pakistan . born in 1956 , al noaimi obtained his bachelors degree in geography and international studies from
alumnus
was part of the group omalaeti o'swapo , which released one album in 2004. his music is enjoyed internationally , in countries like south africa , botswana , angola , zambia and zimbabwe . the dogg has performed in france , england and canada . he is a common household name on africa 's number one music channel ,
attended
, also a singer . he graduated from
( born 1953 ) is a new zealand-born british pianist and composer . norton obtained a degree in music from the
( born 3 october 1988 ) is an english racing cyclist who rides for team sky . he was educated at
was raised in west vancouver , attending hillside secondary school and north vancouver , attending windsor secondary school . she graduated from the
was educated at
. during her college career , she began re-typing her mother 's transcripts . she also made contributions such as renaming locations and characters . out of her four other siblings , carol was the only one to go into writing . one thing that made a great impact on this decision was helping her mother . while
is an american marketing executive . his best-selling books on digital business and culture include , ( mcgraw-hill ) and ( penguin/portfolio ) . he is a frequent contributor to the 1wall street journal and the 2huffington post . in the 1990s he served as founding chairman and ceo of joint venture : silicon valley , a public-private effort tasked with rebuilding silicon valley 's struggling regional economy . his work as the group 's leader was the subject of the book , 3grassroots leaders for a new economy . hayes was born at fort benning in columbus , georgia , but grew up in lowell , massachusetts . he attended
and his wife sarah sankey . his father was a solicitor in practice at birmingham and smethwick who took on a large number of public appointments . he was educated at
has a first class degree in b.a in history , from the presidency college , university of calcutta , 1972. she has a first class degree in modern history from the university of calcutta , 1974 . she received her phd degree from the
( 1837-1903 ) and his wife rose . he was educated at prince alfred college and roseworthy agricultural college before spending three years following `` pastoral and financial pursuits '' . he then studied law at the
was born in scarborough , north yorkshire on 19 september 1939 to arthur and annie smith . he attended
, who graduated from
while working as a designer of packaging equipment and machinery . she later worked for lodge & shipley company until her retirement in 1988. late in the year , she became part of women in baseball , a permanent display based at the baseball hall of fame and museum in cooperstown , new york , which was unveiled to honor the entire all-american girls professional baseball league rather than individual baseball personalities .
was born in baltimore , maryland . his father was a manager for bethlehem steel . after high school in michigan city , indiana he briefly attended
was educated in england . in 1590 he entered
, kcie was a bengali indian judge of the calcutta high court . in 1890 , he also became the first indian vice-chancellor of university of calcutta . he received his education at the
( born 1943 ) is a german literary critic . he studied english literature , philosophy and history at the
ii attended
. that year cheetah magazine deemed
( rome , february 5 , 1937 - rome , march 5 , 2011 ) was an italian physicist active in the field of nuclear physics . coppola , son of leonardo and elena alestra lived his early childhood in rome until the degree in physics in 1960 , a student of edoardo amaldi . from 1961 to 1964 was postdoc at columbia university in new york , then for a short period , the university of padua , and subsequently worked in the years 1964 to 1971 the bureau central de mesures nucleaires ( bcmn ) euratom geel ( belgium ) . he obtained his teaching qualification in nuclear physics at the
, painter ( 1914-2000 ) - known for his keen observations of life in the city of baltimore , maryland , usa , jacob glushakow spent more than sixty years painting the neighborhoods of his hometown . his works reflect an interest in the everyday , often including views of row houses , markets , streets . they provide a record of baltimore 's past , and feature a somewhat melancholic view of the urban setting with a rich history that has disappeared . glushakow studied art at the
, a vietnam veteran who had studied cinema at
( born april 14 , 1968 in philadelphia , pennsylvania ) is an american major league baseball scout and former major league baseball player . levis is a graduate of
( born 21 september 1985 ) was an english-born australian rules football player with the afl 's adelaide football club and the st kilda football club . watts was a forward line player . he was educated at
was born december 24 , 1972 in buffalo , new york . adam attended the nichols school in buffalo and studied psychology at cornell , from where he graduated in 1994. upon graduation from cornell , adam continued his studies at the
was born in baltimore on may 18 , 1907. he attended high school at the boys ' latin school of maryland , graduating in 1925. he attended
( 23 november 1974 -- 1 march 2010 ) was a swedish actor . he graduated from the
and yvonne georgi so impressed him that he went to austria to study dance with the former . later , he studied at the
was born in 1961 as the youngest of three children , and grew up in rocky river , a suburb of cleveland in ohio where he attended
in hamburg for only two months in 1920 , though eventually made her way to the bauhaus at weimar in april 1922. at walter gropius 's bauhaus she began her first year under georg muche and then johannes itten . women were barred from certain disciplines taught at the school , especially architecture , and during her second year , unable to get into a glass workshop with future husband josef albers ,
, graphic designer and creative director , was born in dublin , ireland on 13 may 1966. he was educated at
was born in the village of comiso , on the island of sicily . he immigrated with his family to america in 1968 and was raised in brooklyn , new york . he moved to southern california in 1984 where he attended
and anne eliza townsend . he entered
was educated at
read a paper at the
attended
to the site of tycho brahe 's old observatory at uraniborg , on the island of hven near copenhagen . picard was to observe and time the eclipses of jupiter 's moons from uraniborg while cassini recorded the times they were seen in paris . if picard recorded the end of an eclipse at 9 hours 43 minutes 54 seconds after midday in uraniborg , while cassini recorded the end of the same eclipse at 9 hours 1 minute 44 seconds after midday in paris -- a difference of 42 minutes 10 seconds -- the difference in longitude could be calculated to be 10° 32' 30 `` . picard was helped in his observations by a young dane who had recently completed his studies at the
is an alumnus of
. already 20 years old , he was a military officer . he attended the norwegian military college ( 1905 ) and took the general staff exam ( 1915 ) . colonel
attended
( lse ) . at the lse , professor
. ishikawa calls him `` king '' as he swept all the junior tournaments . they first met in elementary school . in his sophomore year at the
is a research electrical engineer at texas instruments who specializes in ultrawideband wireless technology . he holds a bs in electrical engineering from cornell university , an ms in electrical engineering from
is a multi-talented taiwanese indie singer-songwriter who is also an author and a film actress . she attended
( 30 january 1926 - 3 october 2004 ) was an albanian composer . he composed the first albanian ballet halili dhe hajria ( halili and hajria ) that premiered on 13 january 1963 and has since been showed more than 250 times at the national theatre of opera and ballet of albania , a record for the albanian theatre . he has also composed spring ( `` pranvera '' ) , an albanian opera . tish daija is an alumnus of the
( b . 12 jan 1908 , d. 9 oct 2002 ) was an english music educator , author and composer born in littlehampton , sussex , england . she studied piano with mathilde verne and made her debut as a pianist at the aeolian hall in london in 1926. after an injury to her hand ended her performing career , last turned to teaching and composing . she taught music at the
is a lutheran preacher 's son and was raised in a large rural family . he acquired his b.a . in language arts from southwest state university in 1972. he then received his m.a . in creative writing from
is the current general-secretary of the lebanese communist party ( lcp ) since december 2003. he was born in the city of barja in mount lebanon , lebanon in 1956. he studied physics at the
( born 15 april 1982 in korosten , ukrainian ssr ) is an australian professional tennis player . her highest wta singles ranking is 147 , which she reached on 26 may 2003. her career high in doubles is 91 set at 8 july 2002. she was educated at
( born 1968 ) , is an american actress . grant is a graduate of the
has a bachelor 's degree in general history from
is the director of player evaluation with the chicago blackhawks hockey club . he has been employed by the chicago blackhawks since 2000. he attended
was born the son of e. roy james and mary s. james in aberdeen , maryland on february 14 , 1914. his primary education was diverse ; he attended public schools in cecil and harford counties before matriculating at the tome school , a private coeducational college preparatory school in port deposit . he earned his bachelors degree from the
graduated from hammondsport central school , and earned a b.s . in civil engineering from union college ( 1966 ) . in 1969 he received his juris doctor from
was born in newry , maine on may 10 , 1839 and was of puritan yankee ancestry . he attended
is a graduate of the
, students must abide by the brigham young university honor code , which was recently reworded after several students , including gay and lesbian students , thought that the previous wording was confusing and unclear .
attended
, jr. was the last , non-honorary president of the national league . he held the office until 1999 when it was eliminated by major league baseball . he is currently on the board of directors of h. j. heinz company , the omnicom group , cendant corporation , aramark , churchill downs and electronic arts . he received a master of education from the
at riverside as well as cal poly pomona and rcc .
y , dorset , england , on 5 march 1878. his father , william stobart , was the rector , his mother was susan elizabeth ( née morris ) , the daughter of a farmer in rutland , and he had two elder sisters . soon after his birth his father was appointed rector of bermondsey in london and the family moved to london . he was educated at
went to school at the
is the stepdaughter of eliza roberts and kelly nickels ( formerly of l.a. guns ) and the niece of actresses julia roberts and lisa roberts gillan . she is part native american . she has two stepsiblings , morgan and keaton simons , and a half sister , grace nickels . roberts attended
was educated at
was born on august 5 , 1881 at south cayuga , ontario . in 1903 , albright graduated from the
( may 27 , 1898 -- 1976 ) was an african-american mechanical and electrical engineer , inventor , and writer . he was born in the city of nashville , tennessee . he grew up in kansas city , missouri . once he completed high school he received a bachelor of science ( 1913 ) and a masters of engineering ( 1920 ) from
was born on 8 april 1950 in vršac ( serbia ) , where he received his elementary and secondary education . he studied philosophy at the
attended
( bulgarian : владимир луков ) ( june 2 1949 ) is a bulgarian poet . he is a descendant of the repatriated family tsipas greek macedonia , agios pandeleimon near florina . he graduated geography and philosophy at
was born as janet sue billig in 1967 in long island , new york to priscilla and norbert billig . she has stated she loved music from a young age , and as a girl was obsessed with `` nadia 's theme . '' while attending calhoun high school on long island she became an avid fan of the replacements , and drove around the country following their tours . she later graduated from
( aka sabrina aset ) ( b . 1943 ) is the self-proclaimed high priestess of the church of the most high goddess , who was convicted in 1989 of a single misdemeanor count of running a house of prostitution in connection with the operation of the church , located in west los angeles , california . ms. tracy is a graduate of the
first obtained dual degrees in arts and science at the
near chelmsford in 1722. he was the chaplain of the english episcopal church in amsterdam from 1732 to 1734. in 1737 he became both the rector of st mary-at-the-walls , colchester as well as rector of aldham in essex . during his time in colchester , morant wrote the history and antiquities of colchester , published in 1748 ; and his county history , the history and antiquities of the county of essex , published in two volumes between 1763 and 1768. he also conducted a number of excavations of roman sites in and around the town . he married anne stebbing in 1739 and they had a daughter , anna maria . in 1755 ,
was born in wichita , kansas on july 9 , 1946. she was educated at
is a notable author of computer books . she is the coauthor of the annotated c++ reference manual , with bjarne stroustrup . she also coauthored designing and coding reusable c++ with martin d. carroll ( 1995 ) . she has worked for at & t bell laboratories , unix system laboratories , and novell in compiler development . margaret received a master of science degree in computer science from the
( born february 9 , 1983 ) is an american distance runner . she competes in the women 's 3000 meters steeplechase . she is a 2001 graduate of
( b. june 19 , 1939 ) is the mcnulty professor of english and research professor of anthropology at the state university of new york at buffalo . he received his ph.d. in 1968 from
studied at manhattan 's school of industrial art ( later the
was born in paris in 1910. his father was an american and his mother was an italian , countess elisina de castelvecchio . his mother was the great-great-granddaughter of louis bonaparte , descending from louis bonaparte 's illegitimate son françois de castelvecchio ( 1826-1869 ) . tyler was educated at
. the us department of defense released what it described as a full list of all the captives who had been held , in military custody , in guantanamo . it only lists two individuals named qasim : a yemeni named khaled qasim , and a uyghur named abu bakr qasim . muhammed qasim is not listed . mccolgin wrote that qasim attended his
graduated from olympia high school in 1913 , then entered the us army 's signal corps in 1913 in a reserve unit in seattle , washington , while he was a student at the university of washington . in 1916 , he entered the
was born in germany and raised in brooklyn . he attended the united states naval academy , graduating in 1963. he also received an m.s . and ph.d. in nuclear engineering from the

, a labour member of the london county council and later greater london council . he was educated at the independent
( 21 ) , who graduated from
was born in ferrara , italy on july 15 , 1966. he graduated with a degree in biological sciences from the
( b. puerto rico ) is a visual artist based in new york city . she studied at the
started to learn piano at the age of 7. in high-school he started to play popular songs . a record of fats waller and his rhythm attracted him to jazz , and he decided to make music his profession . he resumed serious piano study ( 1935 -- 36 ) with nadia reisenberg ( teddy wilson 's teacher ) and paolo gallico , and studied composition and theory ( 1939 -- 43 ) with joseph schillinger , who authorized him personally to teach his system . among his favorite pianists : billy kyle , ai haig , andre previn and bob james . during the 1940s keren was professionally known as howard kirn . he conducted much musical activity throughout the us , and served as a pianist and arranger with the bands of reggie childs and ray kinney ; as an accompanist and coach of singers in both jazz and popular music ; as an arranger for bands , night-club acts and singers ; as a teacher of arranging and composition in schools and privately ; as a teacher of piano technique ; as a pianist in new york night-clubs and hotels ; as a pianist for the television station wpix , new york city ; as a conductor-pianist for u.s.o . ( united service organizations ) during world war ii - on which occasion keren extensively toured continental us and alaska playing with bands accompanying well known singers . in 1946 keren received his m.a . in composition from
. he was educated at
( fl . 1761 -- 1782 ) was an english miscellaneous writer . he was educated at
, a consumer rights attorney and also a graduate of
( jesse eisenberg ) , an incidental virgin , has just graduated with a degree in comparative literature from
studied biology at the university of konstanz , germany . he did his ph.d. work with wieland b. huttner at the max planck institute of neurobiology in martinsried , germany , and at the european molecular biology laboratory in heidelberg , and received his ph.d. degree ( summa cum laude ) from the
was educated at
, is a dermatologist , and his mother , dana , is a teacher . he also has a younger sister , former beauty queen candice crawford . he lived in bloomington , minnesota for four years and then graduated high school from trinity christian academy . after high school , he moved to malibu , california , to attend
( born august 21 , 1982 ) is a former american football offensive lineman for the cincinnati bengals of the nfl . kieft attended
is an australian researcher , consultant , commentator and professional speaker on specialised legal , business , and governmental topics . he is the recipient of a rhodes scholarship , horrigan earned a d. phil . in law from
played college football at
was born in bangor , maine , in 1844 , the son of henry varnum poor . the family moved to new york city when he was five years old , and he spent his youth there . he attended
is the male protagonist and love interest of sharpay evans in sharpay 's fabulous adventure . he is a film student at
graduated from
was born in 1949 to bookstore owner stuart brent and his wife jeanette who died when jonathan was five . he received a b.a . from
was born in new york city and began playing the banjo at the age of fourteen . he pursued studies at
studied literature and philosophy at the
graduated 1975 with a master of science degree in chemistry and chemical engineering from the
( 1905 -- 1981 ) , an emigrant from austria who was professor in jerusalem , guided his phd at the
was born in jefferson county , kentucky on april 23 , 1790. he attended the college of william and mary , starting in 1807 and graduated in 1809. from 1810 to 1813 , he was a student at the
was born in chicago on march 10 , 1872 , to businessman samuel edgar wells and marry agnes bulkeley . he was educated at
in north somerset ( 1881 -- 1885 ) and then at the quaker bootham school in york ( 1885 -- 1887 ) . he studied medicine at the university of edinburgh and then king 's college london before gaining his md ( winning the gold medal ) and then becoming a demonstrator in bacteriology and lecturer in infectious diseases at king 's . in 1900 he became medical officer to the borough of finsbury in inner london and rural county of bedfordshire in england . his experiences in these posts led him to publish infant mortality : a social problem in 1906. this has remained a medical classic , pointing out the unchanged infant mortality rate over the preceding 50 years , and identifying the causes and areas potentially open to intervention . in 1907 he became the
( b . 14 january 1965 liverpool ) is best known as the victim of the 1986 ealing vicarage rape , a crime that scandalized the uk and led indirectly to changes in the law . she was educated at
studied biology at the
( born 1938 ) . rosemary would later be known as the hon . rosemary balmford , a barrister , lawyer , law lecturer and judge . jane completed architecture at the
( rich sommer ) is a student at the
( april 9 , 1894 -- 1926 ) was an african american composer during the harlem renaissance . jenkins studied music at
, a native of bombay , was born in 1924 to a hebbar iyengar family in british indian empire . ramanna was a versatile scholar , interested in classical western music , western literature , and science . he began his studies at
earned his phd in history at the
studied crustacean population ecology at the
was born at springfield , massachusetts , april 29 , 1765. his mother was sarah , a granddaughter of wm . pynchon , the founder of springfield , and his father daniel was a deacon in the congregational church . harris graduated from
attended philips academy in andover , massachusetts from 1960 to 1964 and gresham 's school , in holt , england from 1964 to 1965 as part of an english-speaking union exchange scholarship . he then became an undergraduate student at columbia university , earned a ba , and enrolled in
attended the
in high school . she later attended the
was born on 1 march 1875 in copenhagen . he was educated at the
attended the
. his grandfather had been mayor of cape town . he studied medicine at
( born 1961 ) is an american stand-up comedian and comedy writer . shaun graduated from the
was born in washington , d.c. on may 7 , 1976 to john squire and lynn zwerin . he was drawn to music at an early age . he got his first guitar at age 8 and he taught himself how to play drums at age 10. squire attended high school at
is the fifth president of the iranian space agency who is appointed since the establishment of isa . he holds a phd degree in mechanics from the
and edwin fischer . eventually he came to put emphasis on the major works of bach , beethoven , brahms and debussy . after graduating from high school in 1987 he studied historical and systematic musicology at the
of frampton , dorset . he matriculated at
benefited from a first rate education . he attended the
was a former ceo of rubbermaid from 1959 up to his retirement in 1980. during his tenure , rubbermaid made the transformation from rubber products to plastic products , increased sales and developed a business plan which provided innovation through research and development . donald e. noble was a noted benefactor to the
was born in evanston , illinois . johnson attended
is a canadian actor best known as the voice of alan tracy in thunderbirds , the tv series , as well as the movies thunderbirds are go and thunderbird 6. he also attended
, after which he was initially apprenticed into the belfast tea-trade before going to christ 's college , cambridge , where he read medieval and modern languages , and was influenced by the novelist e. m. forster . despite this he described his cambridge experience as 'a rather blank interlude ' in life . graduating in 1908 , he returned to belfast to pursue a writing career ; his first book , the kingdom of twilight , had been published in 1904. after graduation forster continued to visit reid , who was then settled back in belfast . in 1952 forster travelled to belfast to unveil a plaque commemorating
( 1921-june 11 , 2007 ) was a biologist , robert o. lawton distinguished professor of biology at florida state university and the nasa ames research center , and director , polar desert research center . he studied endolithic microbial communities and astrobiology . after escaping the holocaust , friedmann received his ph.d. in botany from the
graduated from
soccer team is a prestigious team , and a number of professional soccer players have graduated shimizu higashi high school . atsuto uchida , a soccer player of the japanese national soccer team graduated from shimizu higashi high school in 2006. nobuhiro takeda graduated from shimizu higashi high school in 1985 and played for the tokyo verdy senior squad . naohiro takahara , a former national team player , graduated from shimizu higashi high school in 1997 and played in bundesliga in germany . takahiro yamanishi , a former soccer player and a current soccer coach , graduated shimizu higashi high school and played for júbilo iwata and shimizu s-pulse .
. he went to school at
obtained a phd in history from
was educated at
( born in 1940 ) is a known soviet pianist and composer . he graduated from the
attended the
, was born in dayton , ohio . he received his b.a . from
.
went on to found the literary magazine approaches . she held the position of editor of the magazine until 1975. she was also the editor for the 1964 and 1967 contemporary poetry collections . bale boone has had many individual poems published , but her most significant work was the storm 's eye : a narrative in verse celebrating cassius marcellus clay , man of freedom 1810-1903. her two collections of poetry include : never less than love ( 1972 ) and even without love ( 1992 ) . joy bale boone received the distinguished kentuckian award from ket in 1974. she also received the sullivan award from the
was born on march 30 , 1948. he studied literature at
and carrie matilda derick . she earned her master of arts from mcgill in 1894 ; sharing the honour of being the first woman to do so with one other lady . she received further post graduate education from
. he was a weak child , and one of his older brothers chose for him the violin as a `` lighter work '' . in 1885 he began his studies at the
( born 1950 in new york city , new york , united states ) is an american-born canadian author . she graduated in english in 1971 from the
. limeback began solving the rubik 's cube when he was in grade 9. he graduated from the
( born january 29 , 1957 ) is an african-american novelist and award-winning university professor . born in akron , ohio , at the age of 13 her family moved to detroit , where she graduated from lewis
at
: lenny wilkens and john thompson . in addition , two-time ncaa men 's division i basketball tournament champion , florida gators men 's basketball head coach billy donovan , graduated from providence college . big east conference commissioner
attended
. dickson helps develop and maintain iowa pulic televisions 's websites and also helps run mad norwegian press . she graduated from
. it was in this role that he and otlet attended the
( december 22 , 1882 november 8 , 1987 ) was a historian , author and teacher . he was born in rover , arkansas on december 22 , 1882. ballenger received a bachelor of arts degree from ouachita baptist college in 1905 and began teaching in mountain home , arkansas . he quickly transitioned from teaching to school administration in loco , oklahoma and magnum , oklahoma . after this time , ballenger attended the
in 1974 and a j.d . from the university of tennessee college of law in 1980. he was a special assistant , gov .
is an american composer who lives and works in the san francisco bay area . she graduated with a bachelor of music degree from the university of texas at austin , where she studied with stefan kostka , david neumeyer and forrest pierce . she continued her education at the university of missouri in kansas city where she studied with james mobberley , paul rudy , chen yi , zhou long , and at the
attended
, the political magazine la calle . he directed the literary magazine letras del ecuador . he received the maria moors cabot prize from the
and his philosophy and consequently , he and his brother were sent to gujarat to imbibe gandhian philosophy . he completed his schooling from vallabh vidyanagar in gujarat and completed his masters in physics and electronics from maharaja sayajirao university in vadodara . after completing his masters in physics he went to the us and obtained a masters in electrical engineering from illinois institute of technology in chicago . in 2010 , he received an honorary degree from
, and a graduate of
was born on may 13 , 1943. he was educated at the
married his mother 's sister frances `` fanny '' hinckley thomas ( 1798 -- 1883 ) , who had seven children also become missionaries ( his cousins ) , including luther halsey gulick ( 1828 -- 1891 ) and john thomas gulick ( 1832 -- 1923 ) . he attended
( 1906-1947 ) was an american sculptor . she was born marguerite louis in honolulu in 1906. she graduated from the
of buckland dinham , somerset from 1551 to 1554. he became an advocate at doctor 's commons in 1554 , the same year that he obtained his bcl and dcl degrees from
, a
earned his phd from
graduated from
, a cadet of the english noble family of berkeley . he was educated at
is an american college student at
in calcutta . here she was a
) in 1958 with a master of arts in religion degree . johnson served as an evangelist in the denomination 1958 until 1961 and served as the pastor of churches in oklahoma from 1961 until 1975. in 1975 he was elected to serve as the district superintendent of the mississippi district and served in that capacity until he was elected to be the
( 5 october 1861 -- 16 march 1940 ) was a british civil servant , mathematician , classical scholar , historian of ancient greek mathematics , translator , and mountaineer . he was educated at
heard of his debut , and invited him to perform with the philadelphia orchestra in new york . he studied music with his maternal grandparents , mr. and mrs. svet , immigrants from europe who had taught at the moscow and warsaw conservatories , until he was 14. he attended
( born 1953 , japan ) is a professor ( japanese mathematician ) at the rissho university . he studied at the
is a visual artist , born in copenhagen , denmark . he studied painting and printmaking at the
, writer and scholar . he was educated at st. enda 's school rathfarnham , clongowes wood college and at
was born in 1825 in rutherford county , tennessee . he was orphaned when he was an infant and was subsequently raised by his grandparents . palmer received his education at the
is a canadian poker player from waterloo , ontario . he is currently a student at
is the iowa state representative from the 18th district . he has served in the iowa house of representatives since 2006. he received his ba from the
was born on september 9 , 1963 in edmonton , alberta . she studied at the
( 7 august 1944 -- 22 october 2007 ) was an irish meteorologist and science writer . he was born in dublin in 1944 but grew up in waterville , county kerry where his father was in charge of the valentia observatory . he graduated in science from
. he was named after the 17th century republican algernon sydney showing his fathers political leanings . he was educated at
( née wafer ) was born in odessa , tx to l.c . and pat wafer . her parents divorced when she was in preschool . she was raised by her mother who worked as a secretary for the ector county independent school district . she was the sixth of eight children . a graduate of permian high school ( of friday night lights fame ) , she attended
( often referred to during his years with the manics as richey james ) grew up in blackwood , caerphilly in wales , where he attended
obtained his doctor of musical arts degree in composition from the
( born 6 march 1934 , shelf , near halifax , yorkshire ) is a british television presenter and personality , best known for co-presenting the bbc children 's magazine programme blue peter in the 1960s and 1970s . he remains the show 's longest-serving presenter , with a stint that lasted 12 years and 6 months . he was educated at the independent fee-paying
received his bachelor degree from the university of cornell in 1959 , and he earned his phd from
started on the recorder in grade school and later joined an irish fife and drum band in his teens . while attending the royal conservatory of music , he won several local music competitions . he attended
dixieland band of the 1950s that played the boisterous trad-jazz style of the day . the ensemble of white college-student jazz revivalists , rose into popular prominence in the mid-1950s , when `` college jazz '' was a catchphrase . the sextet was founded and managed by dick voigt , and counted as members the later-legendary trombonist roswell rudd , bassists buell neidlinger ( succeeded by bob morgan ) , cornetist lee lorenz , clarinetist leroy sam parkins and drummer steve little . with the help of the producer and yale alumnus
( may 18 , 1901 -- june 22 , 1994 ) was a u.s. electrical engineer and university administrator . he attended the
was born december 13 , 1905 , in seattle . he grew up in the family home on 15th avenue ne , north of the university of washington ( uw ) . he attended
( ) ( born in 1949 ) is a retired high jumper who represented the soviet union . budalov trained at
was born august 31 , 1852 , in chelsea , massachusetts he was the second son of his father reverend nathan dole ( 1811 -- 1855 ) and mother caroline ( fletcher ) dole . dole grew up in the fletcher homestead , a strict puritan home , in norridgewock , maine , where his grandmother lived and where his mother moved with her two boys after his father died of tuberculosis . sophie may wrote her prudy books in norridgewock , which probably showed the sort of life nathan and his older brother charles fletcher dole ( 1845 -- 1927 ) , lived . a newspaper article about nathan in the boston evening transcript , february 8 , 1929 , suggested that nathan , lively from the start , may have offered good material for the mischievous boys who acted as foil for the goody-good ones in the prudy books . the same boston evening transcript article said that nathan was an omnivorous reader , who soon taught himself to read in french , german , greek and latin . he studied at the
and earned a divinity degree from union theological seminary . after working as a chaplain in elk basin , wyoming , at a rockefeller oil camp , lynd wrote the article `` done in oil '' as an expose of the conditions there . this publication and his community work brought lynd to the attention of the rockefeller family and resulted in his being hired for the middletown community study by the rockefeller institute of social and religious research . subsequent to the study of muncie , lynd earned a doctorate in sociology from columbia university , using an abridged version of middletown as his dissertation . staughton lynd , a lawyer and historian noted for anti-war , civil rights and community activism , was one of two children of
was born in 1960 in new york city , and grew up in brooklyn where -- from the age of 10 until 22 -- she was a dancer and later a choreographer . she was educated at
day '' in his hometown . he attended middle school at galloway township middle school . he first attended the
. his mother sheila is still alive and lives in arbroath , scotland . stewart was educated at edinburgh 's
is an american actress . she is the daughter of actor bert remsen and casting director barbara joyce dodd , sister of ann remsen manners and has been married to ron cates since 2006. she attended the u.s .
was born in leipzig , germany , and studied first at the leipzig conservatory and afterwards at
( born 1952 in gander , newfoundland and labrador ) is a canadian writer . rodgers is the author of two books of poetry : floating houses ( 1984 ) , and the pyrate latitudes ( 1986 ) , as well as a novella entitled the phoenix ( 1985 ) . in 1999 , he released his first novel , a settlement of memory , which is loosely based on the life of william coaker . he obtained his mfa in creative writing from the
was born in mullinahone , county tipperary in 1981. he was educated locally and from an early age he showed a great interest in the game of hurling . curran later attended the
is a solo classical violinist , appearing in concerto performances worldwide with orchestras such as the boston symphony , la philharmonic , st louis symphony , the philharmonia orchestra , the uk 's bbc orchestras , the city of birmingham symphony orchestra , new zealand symphony and the sydney symphony . he enjoys regular collaborations as soloist/director with orchestras such as the academy of st martin in the fields , the australian chamber orchestra , les violons du roy in quebec and the irish chamber orchestra , of which he was artistic director from 2006-2011. he is a member of the florestan trio with susan tomes and richard lester . in 2006 he won the royal philharmonic society 's instrumentalist of the year award . he was educated at king edward vi grammar school in chelmsford , at the
is a 25-year-old from abbotsford , victoria . born in adelaide , south australia , to vietnamese parents , he moved to melbourne as a 7-year-old . he was educated at
was born in carrollton , georgia near atlanta in 1937. before attending seminary , he pastored his first church , centralhatchee baptist church , at the age of 16. he was educated at
to head up the vivid-ed imprint , which has produced several how-to dvd sex guides including `` the expert guide to anal sex '' , `` the expert guide to oral sex , part 1 : cunnilingus '' , `` the expert guide to oral sex , part 2 : fellatio '' and `` the expert guide to the g-spot '' . in 2010 vivid ed 's director tristan taormino received several avn awards as well as the trailblazer award from the
( born september 29 , 1974 in new westminster , british columbia , canada ) is a former national football league player for the washington redskins and current canadian football league defensive tackle for the winnipeg blue bombers . he played college football at
was born in cleveland and grew up in el paso , texas , and graduated from j.m . hanks high school in 2000. he attended the college of santa fe as a theater arts major ( 2000 -- 2001 ) , but left the school after his first year . he later enrolled at
got his first piano lessons at four . he appeared in public for the first time in ecuadorian television at five . since then he has performed worldwide . boris cepeda studied at the
( 1866 -- 1933 ) , born in aldershot , england , was a cytogeneticist who developed the iron-acetocarmine staining technique which is used in the study of chromosomes . he entered mason college at the university of birmingham in 1892 and received his bsc ( honours ) from university college , london . he received an honorary dsc in 1922 from the
. his father was ely bernays , brother of freud 's wife martha bernays . his mother was freud 's sister , anna . in 1892 his family moved to new york city , where he attended
, an american railroad magnate who moved to england and married evelyn forbes , a scots socialite , who was reputedly fathered by the prince of wales ( later edward vii ) . he had four older sisters : audrey , millicent , xandra , and silvia . james was educated briefly at eton , and then at le rosey in switzerland , then at
. he was educated at harvard , the paul h. nitze school of advanced international studies and the
is a feminist film , video and multimedia producer , scholar and author . she taught at
( february 20 , 1966 ) is a baltimore-born jazz alto saxophonist . he studied at the
and anne nettleship . his brother was the physician and zoologist george rolleston . he attended
was born in bellefontaine , ohio in 1850 , the son of joseph and sarabella ( née walker ) chambers . when he was only eleven years old , he decided he wanted to be a journalist and spent his school vacations working in a local newspaper office . he first attended
and wrote a memoir , sweet agony . following his release from hm prison hull in 1990 , producer roger greenwood followed him in the course of filming the documentary
( born 1958 ) , american poet , was educated at harvard university and cambridge where she studied english and american literature . she received her master of divinity degree from the
is an animation teacher and award-winning independent animator . he received a bfa in film from ucla . he later received an mfa in experimental animation from
( 1888 -- 1960 ) was an american sculptor known primarily for his architectural sculpture . born in new york city , ricci was an apprentice at the perth amboy terra cotta works in new jersey from 1902 to 1906. he studied at
( 1902-1968 ) was a scientist of human vision . born in colorado , he earned a bachelor 's degree from
( born 1983 in jacksonville , florida ) is an american fashion designer and was a contestant on the second season of the reality television program project runway . she attended
( * 8 september 1964 ) is a german visual artist and writer . born and raised in the german district of franconia he left nürnberg in 1985 to study fine art at the berlin university of the arts . after his forced dismission he studied sciences of religion , philosophy and art history at
was born in chicago . he studied fine art and philosophy at
. the family eventually settled in the town of gig harbor , washington . he attended
graduated from
attended the
student
, jr. ( born april 16 , 1965 in south boston , virginia ) is a former professional american football player . a 6'6 `` , 248-lb . tight end from the university of maryland , edmunds was selected by the miami dolphins in the third round of the 1988 nfl draft . he played for 7 nfl seasons from 1988 to 1994 for the dolphins and the seattle seahawks and was a two-time pro bowl selection in 1989 and 1990. edmunds graduated from
earned his ph.d. from the
was born 3 june 1876 in the village of kamenka in nizhnelomovsky uyezd of penza governorate . in 1891 , he entered to the theological seminary and after graduation in 1897 he went to tomsk where has been admitted to the recently opened tomsk state university . after finishing two courses , burdenko was excluded from the university for the participation in the student revolutionary movement and was forced to leave tomsk . in 1906 , he graduated from the
was born in rockford , illinois . in 1987 , he received a bachelor 's degree in music from
, a graduate of the
is a republican senator in the north carolina general assembly representing district 11 ( wilson and nash counties ) . newton won his seat in the 2010 election , defeating democrat incumbent a.b . swindell . a native of wilson , nc , newton graduated from hunt high school before attending
is an artist/curator living in chicago and born in guanajuato , mexico . he has studied filmmaking at columbia college and art at the
at khadavasala , the defence services staff college at wellington , the naval war college at karanja in mumbai and the prestigious national defence college , india at new delhi . vice admiral
( born november 9 , 1977 ) is a hollywood-based music composer . he earned his bachelor of music degree from berklee college of music ( boston , ma ) in both film scoring and composition . he also graduated from the
with a bachelor of arts in 1975 and wrote many films including meatballs , stripes , heavy metal , , , feds , beethoven 's 2nd ,
, a politician who served multiple terms in the united states house of representatives out of new jersey 's 5th congressional district and as the united states ambassador to austria-hungary ; his great-grandfather was joseph earl sheffield . in 1899 , his mother divorced his father and took the children to teaneck , new jersey , where they were raised with the help of their grandmother ellen maria . shortly after arriving in new jersey , phelps ' mother gave him her last name , and he became known as phelps phelps . he attended yale university in 1916 , but was dismissed from the school after paying another student to take his exams for him . he graduated from
( born march 1988 ) ( also known by his pseudonym karma ) is a professional gamer from murrieta , california , united states . ben jackson attended
attended
( born 1954 ) is an english writer , journalist and critic , grandson of arthur christiansen ( editor of the daily express ) and son of kay and michael christiansen ( editor of the sunday and daily mirror ) . born in london , he was educated at millfield and king 's college , cambridge , where he took a double first in english . as a fulbright scholar , he also attended
, christian apologetic and professor at liberty university , received a degree from dbc in 1972 , eugene j. mayhew , professor of old testament and semitic languages , moody theological seminary , received a bred degree from detroit bible college . vincent p. messina , campus pastor of woodside bible church , graduated from detroit bible college in 1977. gilbert e. patterson ( 1939-2007 ) , late presiding bishop and chief apostle of the church of god in christ ( cogic ) , attended the detroit bible institute . mark d. powers , president , pulte homes connecticut , fortune 150 , received a degree from
and bellator 's chris lozano and brian rogers . he received interest from major league baseball teams during his collegiate years at
was raised in new orleans . he attended the
received a bachelors of arts ( ba ) from the
was born in axminster , devon in 1643 , in a farmhouse on the site of an abbey - nowadays called prince 's abbey . he was educated at
, an aeronautical engineer who once worked with scientist wernher von braun . as a teenager , he attended
( born february 7 , 1985 ) is a canadian actor from london , ontario , who was a member of the original kids theater company and the amabile boys choir . he attended
graduated from
, a fellow
did not return to iran . he received a bsc degree by correspondence in political science from the
studied medicine at the chulalongkorn university , graduating with an m.d. , and law at the sukhothai thammathirat open university , graduating with an ll.b . he continued his education at the
was a graduate of
was educated at
, when he appeared with washington d.c.'ss j.f.k . quintet , ( 1961-63 ) , kenny clarke ( 1965 ) , otis redding ( 1967 ) , mccoy tyner ( 1970 ) , elvin jones ( 1980-81 ) , beaver harris ( 1983 ) , the julius hemphill saxophone sextet ( 1987 ) , `` the six winds '' dutch saxophone sextet ( 1999 ) , and on his own ``
is a crusader historian specialising in baltic crusades and the teutonic knights , and is one of the leading experts on the matter in the us . he is the lee l. morgan professor of history and international studies at
attended
, a signatory of the united states declaration of independence . he received a bachelor of arts degree in 1856 from the college of new jersey . in 1859 , he received his master 's degree from the college of new jersey and his medical degree from the
, graduating in 1984. at greenwich high , espuelas was the president of the debate team and the connecticut state champion debater in 1982 , as well as the chairman of the political action club . espuelas also hosted the local public-access television cable tv show `` the bottom line with
was born in staffordshire and grew up in stourbridge , worcestershire . he received a b.a . in 1959 and a ph.d. in 1962 , both from
, who was a graduate student and system administrator at
holds a bachelor of arts in philosophy from the
had several swedish honours bestowed upon him ; among other things he received an honorary doctorate from
attended puyallup high school before graduating summa cum laude from yale . he then went to
( the lab scenes were actually filmed at the natural history museum in los angeles ) , and later attends the school . the marvel comics superhero daredevil was valedictorian of his class at columbia law school . willie keith , the protagonist in herman wouk 's the caine mutiny , is a columbia student when he signs up for the navy at the beginning of world war ii ; wouk specifically refers to the campus , including buildings such as furnald hall . law & order prosecutor jamie ross ( later a judge on ) attended columbia law . meadow soprano , of the television series the sopranos , attends columbia . michael moscovitz , a character in the the princess diaries series by meg cabot , also attends columbia university . on the nbc sitcom will & grace , both main characters , will truman and grace adler , played by eric mccormack and debra messing , respectively , were columbia graduates . jack shephard ( matthew fox ) from abc 's lost graduated from columbia university medical center . jessie spano from saved by the bell attended columbia university in the show 's spin-off . jessica darling , the protagonist of megan mccafferty 's sloppy firsts , second helpings , and charmed thirds , attends columbia . dr. joel fleishman ( rob morrow ) on the television series northern exposure was a graduate of columbia .
. he studied nuclear chemistry at the
( 17 february 1730 -- 13 october 1801 ) was an english physician and botanist . he was a promoter of linnaean taxonomy , and authored the first english language biography of carl linnaeus , entitled a general view of the writings of linnaeus . he was educated at
is originally from bedford , but now lives in london . bains first became interested in cooking as a child . he was educated at
is the iowa state representative from the 67th district and is currently the minority leader . he has served in the iowa house of representatives since 2003. he received his bachelor 's degree from
is the managing partner of the consulting firm leibsohn and associates , the regular friday host of bill bennett 's morning in america , the former producer and co-host of bill bennett 's morning in america , and a fellow at the claremont institute . he is the also the co-author , with william bennett , of the fight of our lives . born and raised in phoenix , arizona , he is a graduate of
, where his uncle , also named
, of greys court in oxfordshire , and of reading , in berkshire , and his wife , catherine carey and was generally known as francis knollys the younger . he attended
attended
, also known as hemos , is the co-founder of slashdot along with rob malda ( `` cmdrtaco '' ) . bates graduated from
is an american writer . she earned a scholarship to oxford , from which she received a first class degree in english in 1958. she received a ph.d. from brandeis university , in 1968. she taught at
was born in senaki , western georgia to the family of grigol gegelia , a combat medic during the second world war and later the chief doctor of menji sanatorium , and margarita khocholava , ophthalmologist . having completed secondary education with a golden medal , gegelia read architecture at the
was born on 8 july 1920 in gainesville , florida . he attended
. demeo compiled a 22 -- 10 -- 2 record at iona and was twice named coach of the year for the metropolitan conference ( 1976 and 1977 ) .
in 1882 and 1883. he graduated from princeton in 1884 , he was also earned all-american honors as a lacrosse player . samuel was the eldest member of the poe brothers , six celebrated american football players at princeton university from 1882 until 1901. they were sons of
, by his marriage to robin lindsay bullard , he was educated at eton college , then at western kentucky university and at
, a son of a leading journalist of the magazine krokodil , studied composition under albert leman at the
leitch in hertfordshire , england , and is the daughter of folk singer/songwriter donovan and model enid karl ( née stulberger ) . her father is scottish and her mother is an american from a jewish family . she is the younger sister of camp freddy singer donovan leitch , who is married to former model kirsty hume . skye was raised in los angeles , san francisco , and connecticut . she attended
is the current president of the anheuser-busch inbev subsidiary , anheuser-busch . he succeeded august busch iv in 2008 after the acquisition of anheuser-busch was completed by inbev on november 18 , 2008. he earned his mba from the
was the son of a draper and hosier of german descent . who carried on business in bull street , birmingham . his father died when he was very young and he was brought up by his mother and his paternal grandfather who owned a tailoring business in moor street . he was educated at
. along with her older sister ,
was born in the small city of sweet home , near the lake and river areas adjoining the cascade range . growing up in the state 's second-largest city , eugene , she attended
, and earned his ab degree from
in lagrange , georgia , where he was a letterman in football . as a junior , he led his team to a class aaa state championship and was a class aaa all-state selection . he finished his senior season with 81 completions out of 133 pass attempts for 1,553 yards and 17 touchdowns and only three interceptions , and he was named as an ea sports elite 11 quarterback . rivals.com rated him as the 55th best prospect in the nation .
( 1928 -- november 8 , 2004 ) was an american painter and illustrator known for a moody and expressionist style that pushed the boundaries of commercial art in the 1950s and 60s . he was born in nashville , tennessee , where he was educated at
is associate professor of communications and co-director of the institute for information policy http : //www.comm.psu.edu/iip at the college of communications http : //www.comm.psu.edu of the pennsylvania state university . schejter received his ll.b . from the
was born in buffalo , new york on june 13 , 1914 and was raised in the village of perry , new york , about 50 miles east of buffalo . metz graduated from
( born march 22 , 1956 ) is long time music executive , who has worked for sony music entertainment and or music , and signed artists such as matisyahu , the allman brothers band , ginuwine , and keb ' mo ' . caplan attended
is a visual artist working in the san francisco bay area . she received her mfa from the ohio state university in 1997 and her ba in fine arts from
was born into a farming family at carrigrohane , near cork city . he studied at st finbarr 's college , farranferris , the diocesan college . he graduated from
was educated at the
( born 4 march 1941 in peterborough , then in northamptonshire , england ) is an english filmmaker and producer . he is best known for directing films that focus on sexually charged characters and often uses natural light , a fog machine and other effects to create eroticized atmospheres . he was educated at
is an irish sociologist at duke university and a regular visitor to the research school in social science ( rsss ) at the australian national university . he earned his phd in sociology from
. much of his recent work reflects on travels to japan and thailand and addresses the conflation of time , space and cultures that long-haul travel brings .
was born in 1966 in syosset , new york . he attended
studied at the
( august 19 , 1867 at little oak ranch , near vacaville , california -- november 7 , 1946 , berkeley , california ) is known as california 's most distinguished early botanist . he became interested in botany as a boy and explored adjacent regions . he had come in contact with various botanists before he entered college . he graduated from the
is a translator of the works of nobel prize-winning author gao xingjian . she has taught asian studies at the
attended
is a british actress and writer . she was a member of the regular cast of jasper carrott 's bbc tv comedy sketch show carrott 's lib in 1982. she graduated from
, head women 's basketball coach at the university of minnesota , is a graduate of
. he matriculated at
( born june 23 , 1947 ) is an american geophysicist , renowned as an expert on impact cratering . he earned a degree in physics from
was the first headmaster of elmfield college , heworth , york ( booth 1990:29 ) . born at preston in lancashire , the son of john dall , he entered
is an academic and art critic specialising in surrealism , with emphasis on conroy maddox and desmond morris . he studied at the
was born robert levinson in 1922 in raymond , washington . he attended a local business college and later the
was born on april 19 , 1911 in boston , massachusetts . she was raised by her grandmother in brunswick , maine . riley attended brunswick high school ; there she met her husband john ( jack ) w. riley jr.. in 1931 , earned her bachelor 's ( and later her master 's degree ) from radcliffe college in cambridge massachusetts . that same year she and john married , they were married for sixty-nine years until john 's death in 2002. together the couple would have two children , john w. riley iii and lucy sallick.riley and her husband often worked side by side , recurrently co-authoring papers together , their first joint scientific paper published in the 1930'ss about contraceptive behavior . riley worked as a research assistant at harvard from 1932-1933 while john was a graduate student . from 1942 to 1944 , riley worked as a market researcher and an economist for the war production war during world war ii . along with her father , riley established the market research company of america from 1939 to 1949. later she began a career in the sociology of aging at rutgers university in new jersey and then at
of new york and in the school of the art institute of chicago . while in chicago , he participated in the 1969 show ,
attended
( born may 21 , 1984 ) is an american basketball player who has played international professional basketball in hungary and australia . the 6'5 `` shooting guard graduated from mckinney high school in mckinney , texas in may 2002. he then attended maine central institute for a post graduate year from aug 2002 through may 2003. he received his bachelor of arts degree from
( 27 july 1866 -- 24 may 1916 ) was an english cricketer who made 119 first-class appearances for somerset between 1891 and 1903. a right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler , fowler was educated at
was born in saigon on november 17 , 1971. he received a b.a . at the
( born august 20 , 1983 in st. louis , missouri ) is an american football defensive end for the cleveland browns of the national football league . he was signed by the browns as an undrafted free agent in 2008. he played college football at
, his cousin . he published his first poem at the age of 16 , published in the mathrubhoomi weekly . he did his intermediate at malabar christian college , kozhikode , and b.a . honours in english literature from the university college , thiruvananthapuram in 1951 , thereafter he received his master 's degree from the
, long beach , where he studied business administration . he later went on to the university of southern california , where he earned an mba . the two-time olympian recently established the
is the chief executive officer of coachware ( formerly known as knowtions ) , a software company founded in new jersey in 2005. rauch was educated at
was born on 5 december 1871 in birmingham , where his father dr james laidlaw maxwell , practised medicine . he attended
attended archbishop stepinac high school in white plains and received a b.a . ( english ) from the college of the holy cross in 1963 and received his m.a . and ph.d in english from the
, was his younger brother . he was educated at harrow and
was educated at
had been a td for mayo north constituency from 1952 to 1969. a native of ballina he was educated at
( born in rome , ny ) ) ) is a drummer best known for his work with the boston hardcore band ssd , in the early and mid 1980s- recording four highly influential albums with the band . he graduated from
was born in 1927 , the son of a banana farmer . he grew up in rural jamaica and was educated at the prestigious boarding school munro college and haverford college in pennsylvania . he graduated from wadham college , oxford in 1952 with a ba ( hons ) in english literature . jones taught at the
, ( march 6 , 1855 in jersey city , new jersey , u.s.a. -may 4 , 1913 ) was an american lawyer , property owner and diarist . he graduated from
went to england , in the 1930s , to study medicine at
( born november 28 , 1966 ) is an american fashion designer based in new york . raised on long island , she studied interior design at the
was born in la jolla , california . ruyle attended
received the degree of director of literature from the
was born in senglea , malta , on march 10 , 1891. after his primary education , he studied at the
( born 1960 ) is a belgian businessman . he obtained a law degree at the
( born april 30 , 1974 , in boston , massachusetts ) is a jazz pianist based in new york city . he began studying piano at seven and studied under bob sinicrope of milton academy and saxophonist jerry bergonzi . in 1991 , at age 17 , he studied at the new school for jazz and contemporary music before enrolling at harvard university , where he won the international association of jazz educators ' clifford brown/stan getz fellowship award and became a member of betty carter 's jazz ahead program . after graduating from harvard in 1996 , he performed as a sideman and is most associated with saxophonist joshua redman . recently , aaron has been touring and recording with young guitar guru kurt rosenwinkel . in 2005 he toured south america with madeleine peyroux and spent 6 months performing with the wynton marsalis quartet as well as the lincoln center jazz orchestra . aaron 's recorded credits includes work with artists guillermo klein , terry gibbs and buddy defranco , john ellis , jimmy greene and eli degibri . his debut album as a leader was turning point . his most recent release is home . goldberg received a master 's in analytic philosophy from
williams in london , he changed his name to his mother 's surname , bebb , when he took up acting as there was already a british actor called richard williams . he was educated at
, born 21 february , 1921 in sidon , mississippi ) , is the daughter of john s. and viola brown sanders . she graduated from greenwood high school and went on to attend sunflower junior college ( now mississippi delta community college ) in moorhead , mississippi , for two years . in 1941 , she received a bs in education from delta state teachers college ( now
, did his ba and ma in economics from university of delhi . he received his phd in 1987 in economics from
is an american violinist . he completed his bachelor and master of music degrees at the
was an active member of the chicago section of the american chemical society . he was elected a fellow of merton college , oxford university , and to the national academy of sciences , the latter in 1968. he received an honorary degree from
is the nelson and david rockefeller senior fellow for latin america studies and director for latin america studies at the council on foreign relations and specializes in latin america and u.s.-latin america foreign policy . sweig holds a b.a . from the
was born the eldest of two sons in brooklyn , new york and grew up in the neighborhood of mill basin where he attended
received a bachelor 's degree in marketing from the university of st. thomas , a master 's degree in philosophy from boston college and , in 1999 , a j.d . from the
, born kilwinning , scotland , 1951 , is a pioneer of the personal computer software industry through the 1970s and 1980s . leaving scotland in 1968 he studied physics and mathematics at the
and his wife may gibson , but moved to london at the age of two . he was educated at
graduated from pakistan 's historic
was born in los angeles . janov received his b.a . and m.s.w . in psychiatric social work from the
( born in lahore , pakistan ) is a highly cited researcher in the field of marine microbiology . he is a distinguished professor at the scripps institution of oceanography , at the university of california , san diego . farooq azam grew up in lahore and received his early education in lahore . he attended university of punjab , lahore , where he received his b.sc in marine microbiology , and later he received his m.sc in marine microbiology from the same institution . he then went to czechoslovakia for higher studies . he received his ph.d in marine microbiology from
is a piscean who was born in lithuania during world war ii . he received his m.s . degree in pure mathematics from the
is an american filmmaker and actor . he attended the
was born in tacoma , washington on september 28 , 1905. he was raised in denver , colorado and kansas city , missouri , where he graduated from
, producer lorne michaels , and the `` z. a . z . '' team of jim abrahams , david zucker , and jerry zucker . he also co-created the science-fiction tv series sliders . he is a graduate of
( october 13 , 1842 -- november 1 , 1905 ) was a united states politician from montana . botkin was born on october 13 , 1842 in dane county , wisconsin . he graduated from the university of wisconsin with a bachelors and masters degree and received his law degree from
in technical communications . http : //www.advogato.org/person/aicra/ in may 2008 , marcia received a ms in technology from arizona state university .
is a professor of communication arts and sciences department at penn state university . he has authored and co-authored over 50 manuscripts primarily on the role of emotion and persuasive influence . dillard graduated in 1976 from the
( born june 2 , 1936 , cincinnati , ohio ) , attended
is an american software developer and entrepreneur . sarah attended
from 1921 to 1923. he received a masters of science in engineering degree from
is a political scientist at the university of arkansas . he completed his b.a . at miami university in 1990 , and received his m.a . and ph.d. from the
, anthony 's father , was a barrister . though a clever and well-educated man and a fellow of
attended the
( also known as mwm ) is an author , business owner , land speed racer , hot rod and chopper builder and pinstriper . born and raised in california , mehran attended
, the great-grandson of roswell fenner cottrell and nephew of roy franklin cottrell , was born in glendale , calif. , in 1912. he is a graduate of
has lived in sacramento nearly all of his life . after graduating from sacramento 's encina high school , roger attended the
( 1530 -- 1566 ) was an english diplomat and translator . he was born in 1530 , the second son of william hoby of leominster , herefordshire , by his second wife , katherine , daughter of john forden . he matriculated at
was born in the northern thai province of phrae , the youngest son of an indian sikh and a thai . he studied at bangkok 's
( july 31 , 1768 -- october 11 , 1834 ) was a member of the united states house of representatives from north carolina . he was born near washington , north carolina . he graduated from the
was active in the boston art scene , where he gained acclaim in the 1950s for abstract expressionist works . in the following decades , his abstract works became more large-scale and colorful . he attended the
earned a degree in economics from the
is a science fiction author from berkeley , california . he has written numerous short stories that have appeared in witness , asimov 's science fiction , realms of fantasy , the magazine of fantasy & science fiction , and other publications . binding energy , a collection of his short stories , was published in 2008 to positive reviews . he has authored two novels and is currently an instructor at gotham writers ' workshop . daniel marcus is a graduate of
was born in 1926 at port talbot in wales . a pupil of the bridgend preparatory school , bryntirion , he then attended
( december 7 , 1944 -- january 22 , 1992 ) was an american theatre director . he attended the
and louisa holland . he was educated at
and a marshall scholarship to study at the
received her b.a . at
( 19 june 1921 -- 8 february 2009 ) was an australian politician . born in yarloop , western australia , he was educated at
was born in leningrad , ussr to maria gelman , a musician , and simon gelman , a physician . both of his maternal grandparents worked at the mikhaylovsky theatre and young alexander ( sasha ) literally took his first steps there . in 1973 the family emigrated to israel and in 1976 to the usa . in 1978 he graduated from
( born , new york city ) studied ballet with bella malinka and nina popova at the high school of performing arts . after graduation she attended the
.
, owner of steve burns golf design ( founded in 1988 ) , has been a golf course designer since 1981. he is a nationally certified landscape architect and is a member of the american society of golf course architects . burns studied pre-engineering at
received a ba in political science in 1978 from the university of california , riverside , and a msc in cybernetic systems from san jose state university in 1992. in 1999 she also received a mph in public health from the
was born in dallas , texas and studied mathematics at the university of kansas . he received a ph.d. from the
( 1742-1805 ) , a merchant , and his third wife , mary ( chaffee ) hooker . he graduated from
( born 14 december 1948 ) is a british novelist , screenwriter , yacht designer , and evolutionary theorist . collins was born in johannesburg to english-speaking parents . his father , robin collins , was a novelist who wrote under the nom-de-plume robin cranford . robin collins 's novels were written from a liberal perspective and one of them , my city fears tomorrow , was banned by the south african apartheid regime . when warwick collins was eleven , his family moved to england , and collins entered the king 's school , canterbury . he continued his education at the
was a student at
graduated from the memphis state university in 1939 , majoring in pre-med . he earned his doctorate of medicine in 1942 from the
, and elizabeth , daughter of nicholas jeffreys , of the priory , brecknockshire . he was educated at the
, who served as treasurer and receiver-general of massachusetts , and elizabeth campbell . foye was educated at
was born in tehran but spent his early life in yazd , iran since his father had a career as a physician there . he received his diploma in natural sciences from
is an indian actor and film director based in the united states who recently made his directorial debut with the bilingual films unnaipol oruvan ( meaning `` someone like you '' in tamil ) and eeenadu ( meaning `` today '' in telugu ) . the film was a remake of neeraj pandey 's 2008 hindi film a wednesday . chakri toleti made his acting debut in the telugu film sagara sangamam and acted in over 15 films as a child artist . he obtained a bachelor 's degree in film and vfx at the
was born in connecticut and graduated with bachelor 's and master 's degrees from the
of the chicago white sox and chicago cubs is a
his nephew . in 1955 i became a member of the 7th army jazz band in stuttgart , germany . he studied at
was educated at
was educated at twyford school , wellington college , and
, kathy 's son , is now a student at the
( born august 21 , 1980 ) is an american progressive writer and lecturer , focused on latin american issues . a rhodes scholar , he graduated from
, calcutta , india in 1968 , his advisor was
( born in california in 1970 ) , who graduated from
( born in micro , north carolina ) is an american former coach of many sports at campbell university and also a basketball and baseball coach at
( born january 18 , 1982 ) of philadelphia , pa is a lacrosse goaltender . he attended
is the daughter of raj saraf , the founder of zenith computers . she attended queen mary 's school and h. r. college in mumbai and then moved to the usa to continue her studies at the
attended
( july 21 , 1853 -- december 19 , 1923 ) was a violinist and conductor from cincinnati , ohio . in 1871 , at the age of 18 , he was sent to the
, a friend of the band . it is also suggested that broken social scene is used as basis for a band that appears in kaslik 's second novel the angel riots , about a rising indie rock band from montreal . kaslik attended the
was born in long beach , california , but grew up in north virginia . as a young teenager , hornsby was contracted to perform as a solo singer and guitar artist . after graduating fairfax hall waynesboro , virginia college preparatory high school , hornsby attended
, a 1939 graduate of
is a public health and nursing professor at
is from baltimore , maryland and began playing instruments at the age of seven . he attended
was born to futurologist robert jungk . he grew up in the united states and after 1957 in vienna . from 1968 to 1970 he attended the robert-steiner-school in berlin . he lived in salzburg from 1970 till he took his matura in 1972. in 1973 peter stephan jungk worked with the theater of basel as an assistant director . from 1974 to 1976 he studied at the
was born in muscatine , iowa , then moved to des moines , where he graduated from east high school in 1928. he studied briefly with iowa artist charles atherton cumming at the cumming school of art , housed then on the upper floor of the des moines public library . in 1880 , cumming had launched the art department at cornell college ( mount vernon , iowa ) and , in 1909 , had become the founding head of the art department at the university of iowa ( iowa city ) , a position he continued to hold while also teaching in des moines . encouraged by cumming most likely , allen enrolled in the school of art at the university of iowa in 1929. in 1932 and 1933 allen was a student at the
was born in chicago in 1924. his father was a salesman for the fuller brush company . he was educated at the
is only the second priest of the roman catholic archdiocese of karachi to complete 60 years of service . he received his religious training at the
( 1818 -- 1875 ) was a danish painter . he studied at the
( 18 august 1863 -- 20 august 1948 ) was an australian politician . born in melbourne , he was educated at
zea is the first son of the renowned artist fernando botero and gloria zea . he has a sister lina and brother juan carlos . his mother served as minister of culture of colombia . his parents divorced in 1960 and each remarried . botero graduated from the universidad de los andes with a degree in political science . in the 1980s , he attended
is a canadian contemporary romance and romantic suspense writer . in 2010 she received a rita award nomination for silent watch , her debut novel with silhouette romantic suspense . she also publishes with harlequin blaze and samhain publishing . she received her b.a . in english from
is a doctor summa cum laude in international law from the university of strasbourg ( france ) . he completed human rights studies at the rené cassin institute ( france ) . he also obtained a honoris causae doctorate from the
taught at the
was born in san juan , puerto rico and raised in brooklyn , new york . he attended
was born in sahiwal , pakistan and grew up in karachi . anwar attended christ the king school and st paul 's english high school , where he completed cambridge university school certificate ( o ' levels ) studies in 1976. he completed the cambridge university higher school certificate ( hsc/ `` a ' levels '' ) studies in 1978 at
( born 21 march 1957 ) is a british musician and conductor from darlington , england . whitfield was educated at
attended
in his research group at yale university in the early 1980s . his original development of trace scheduling as a compilation technique for vliw was developed when he was a graduate student at
received advanced musical training in composition at the university of texas with composers hunter johnson , karl korte , joseph schwantner , and eugene kurtz . while studying at the university of texas at austin , he was awarded a bachelor of music degree with high honors in theory and composition , a master of music degree in composition , and a doctor of musical arts degree in composition . he has also received two presidential postdoctoral fellowships from the
at a very young age already had his mind set on becoming a journalist . so when he was schooling , he was part of their school paper . he studied in ateneo de manila high school and graduated in 1979. he then went to boston to pursue his studies at
of the united states supreme court from 1981 to 1983. he graduated in 1981 from harvard law school , where he served as editor & president of the harvard law review . he received his bachelor 's degree in 1978 from
fled from china in april 1990 , with the help of hong kong-funded organizations . after 10 months of hiding , she settled in paris , france , where she then accepted a full scholarship to
, sr. , was an insurance salesman , and his mother sold avon products . the family relocated to the west coast and settled in los angeles in 1949. cochran later graduated first in his class from los angeles high school in 1955. he went on to receive his bachelor of science degree in business administration from the
( born 1 september 1968 ) is a pakistani born english cricketer . akhtar is a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace . he was born at bahawalpur , pakistan . upon coming to the united kingdom , he was educated at
studied horn with prof. friedrich gabler at the
studied at the
( born 3 may 1955 ) is a canadian biologist and conservationist who has worked in nigeria in the area of primate conservation since 1991. she received a master 's degree in biology from
( ) ( born july 9 , 1946 ) is a pakistani urdu author of more than twelve books of poetry , short stories , travelogue and translations . after completing his graduation in science from punjab university , anwer zahidi received a degree of mbbs from
was born at alkmaar , holland . after some years at the latin school in alkmaar , around 1590 , he attended the
was born in 1947 in the tremont section the bronx , into the family of louis zansky , a noted comic book illustrator . after graduating from new york city 's high school of music and art , zansky entered
( born in simi valley , california ) is an american model who won the 2009 `` victoria 's secret model search '' competition , broadcast online through cbs and concluded during the december 1st airing of that year 's fashion show . placing first through fan voting over fellow contestant jamie lee darley in the final round earned bisutti , nineteen years old and a newlywed at the time of filming , the prize of walking in the annual show alongside victoria 's secret angels like heidi klum and miranda kerr . she is represented by img models . bisutti attended
is an actress originally from north carolina . she lived in durham , north carolina as a child , dideriksen attended
received his b.s . in biology-chemistry in 1970 , his m.s . in biology-physiology in 1972 and education specialist in science ( ed.s . ) in 1976 from emporia state university in emporia , kansas . he earned his ph.d. in reproductive physiology , biochemistry and statistics in 1978 from the
( 1 march 1975 , istanbul ) is a successful turkish music producer and co-founder ( together with hadi elazzi ) of grgdn , a music production - management company and record label ; producing , mixing and mastering the albums of successful young turkish artists . kurosman started to play the guitar at the age of 15 and had his own band , where he was also the frontman . by the age of 23 he decided to move `` backstage '' and work as a producer . he is a graduate of
( ; ; born 24 may 1951 ) is an ethnic mon military officer who is currently the chief of bureau of special operations - 5 ( bso-5 ) and quartermaster general . he is the first ethnic mon to be promoted to the rank of lieutenant general . myint swe graduated from the
is an american football coach . he played college football at
and his wife , phyllis cooper busch , briton -- familiarily known as `` tony '' busch -- attended
grew up in ottawa , canada , where he attended
( born 1954 ) is an english writer , journalist and critic , grandson of arthur christiansen ( editor of the daily express ) and son of kay and michael christiansen ( editor of the sunday and daily mirror ) . born in london , he was educated at millfield and
was an american educator born in boston , massachusetts in 1833. he graduated from
is a playwright and a lyricist and composer of musicals . originally from kingston , pennsylvania , she graduated from
( born approx . 1950 ) is a famous puerto rican sportscaster . bracero graduated from the
from october 1612 to march 1616. in 1618 dr. sonck was sent by the dutch east indies company as `` advocaat-fiscaal '' ( ~ a district attorney ) to batavia , where he arrived in 1619. he subsequently became governor of the banda islands . in 1623 he was recalled to batavia to account for the use of excessive amounts of ammunition at gun salutes ( he was to pay for it out of his own pocket ) . on may 4 , 1624 the governing body in batavia decided to sent him to replace cornelis reijersen as commander of the dutch fort and trading base on peng-hu , the main island of the pescadores west of formosa . the pescadores were chinese territory , and after a failed accord , nan juyi the governor of fujian sent an army to attack peng-hu in july 1624. on august 25 , after negotiations via li dan , head of the illegal traders on taiwan , sonck succumbed under the pressure and withdrew his contingent to formosa , where he founded fort zeelandia near the town of anping in tainan . the dutch monopolized the harbour , while zheng zhilong , or nicolas iquan ( 郑芝龙 ) became a privateer for the dutch , attacking trade between china and manila . this constituted the beginning of the colonial presence of the dutch on formosa .
( new york city , 1951 ) is an american photographer and author . she received her masters degree in photography and the history of photography from the
( born april 23 , 1967 ) is an author of children 's literature . she is an alumna of the
was born on april 23 , 1974 in the village til`ne , chernihiv oblast , at the time in the ukrainian ssr of the soviet union . he received his master 's degree in economics from the national agrarian university of ukraine in 1996. he continued his education at
was born in boston and grew up in sudbury , massachusetts . from early childhood he was immersed in the creative environment of his parents and their friends among professional artists , art dealers , writers , musicians , composers , and actors . he interned at a boston architectural firm while in high school and applied to architecture programs at princeton and yale . ultimately deciding on fine art as his path of choice , he enrolled at the
( born 22 june 1947 , the hague ) graduated in general linguistics , french and english languages from
went on to study philosophy and law at the
is a kannada poet and novelist from india . born in shravanabelagola , hassan district , karnataka , poornima holds a masters degree in kannada literature from
is an american entrepreneur . she has founded or served as a director of a number of companies . sender taught at the
was born in manhattan , new york , september 18 , 1961 and grew up in the riverdale section of the bronx . he graduated from the
( born january 27 , 1949 , lorain , ohio ) is an american contemporary poet who teaches at
of bromham , wiltshire , and of his wife lucy danvers , a daughter of sir john danvers of dauntsey , wiltshire , and of the famous elizabeth neville . he was baptised at bremhill on 5 september 1593. he matriculated at
, presbyterian missionary to taiwan , speak , he claimed to sense a call from god to go to china . he attended
taught at the
. his elder brother joseph medill mccormick ( known as medill mccormick ) was slated to take over the family newspaper business but was more interested in running for political office . from 1889 through 1893 , he lived a lonely childhood with his parents in london where his father robert sanderson mccormick was a staff secretary to robert todd lincoln , and he attended
was signed by the cincinatti reds in 1934 out of
( arabic : روجيه تمرز ) is an international banker and venture capital investor who has had an active business career in oil and gas in the middle east , europe , asia and the united states since the early 1960s . born in 1940 in cairo , egypt to lebanese parents , tamraz grew up speaking fluent english , french and arabic . his early schooling was at the prestigious english school in cairo . he subsequently attended the
, states that `` ( john ) eliot went quite beyond religious doctrine in dealing with the indians and taught them hygiene and better living '' . john 's actions in attempting to help the indians gave the eliot name social status in the new england theocracy . jared 's father , joseph eliot , was also a well-known figure in new england . he graduated from
( born on september 29 , 1983 , in new orleans ) is an american soprano , who was raised in baton rouge , where she studied at
at houghton-le-spring and at
was born in the nw london suburb of kingsbury , middlesex . his father was harry hosier , the founder of the building firm hosier and dickenson , and his mother was constance , a violinist . she overcame the problem of how he could play a musical instrument in childhood by having him learn the xylophone . he attended
until after the second world war . from 1940 to 1942 , he taught at king 's college school in windsor , nova scotia . in 1942 , he enlisted in the canadian army and saw service in europe as a platoon commander . he took a master 's degree in classics at dalhousie before taking up his
, where he studied mathematics , coming third in his year when he graduated in 1813. he obtained his master of arts in 1816 and went on to teach mathematics at corpus christi college , cambridge . he also became a fellow of st john 's college , cambridge and an ordained priest in the church of england . on 29 february 1820 he was elected a fellow of the royal astronomical society and on 8 june 1820 he was granted a fellowship of the royal society . one of his proposers for his fellowship to the royal society was john herschel ( son of
comes to leningrad and entered at
( 1 may 1798 -- 23 january 1869 ) was a british politician , born in liverpool on 1 may 1798. he was educated at eton and
is a professor at grinnell college . her courses focus on cinema studies , literary and film theory , and gender studies . her research interests include film history and aesthetics , popular media , queer theory , cultural studies , and postmodernism . she has published in the journals senses of cinema , rhizomes , and biography , and has chapters in such scholarly anthologies as gender after lyotard and east asian cinemas : exploring transnational connections on film . her current project examines the subversive possibilities of contemporary genre film and television . geller earned her b.a . in english and women 's studies at the university of california at santa cruz and her m.a . in english from the university of illinois at urbana-champaign . she is also certified in cinema studies , gender and women 's studies , and criticism and interpretive theory . she received her ph.d. from
, his mother 's brother . after military service in a bavarian regiment , he continued his studies in 1885 at the eidgenössisches polytechnikum in zurich . in 1890 he received a dr. phil . degree from the
and yale university , as well as oxford .
was born in cleveland , ohio . he attended hiram college in hiram , ohio , where he was awarded a bachelor of art in 1962 ;
has been teaching at the university of wisconsin -- la crosse since 1984. he is a native of brooklyn , new york . he received his b.a . from
( born january 1 , 1960 ) is an american businessman who has led several media related companies including time warner , the walt disney company 's hollywood pictures and pearson 's penguin group . since january 2004 , he has been chairman and ceo of sony pictures entertainment and has served on many boards of directors including jamdat mobile . lynton is trilingual in french , english , and dutch . he attended the
received his bachelor of science ( b.s . ) in chemical engineering from
and amrit singh . upinder singh is a professor of history at delhi university . she has written six books , including ancient delhi ( 1999 ) and a history of ancient and early medieval india ( 2008 ) . daman singh is a graduate of
is a graduate of
was born in philadelphia , pa. he graduated from
is a director , character designer , teacher , and animator . she is recognized as the second woman to be credited on a disney film ( although there were many women before her work on disney film ) . she has taught animation at
among them . sam pepper was in the uk reality tv show big brother , he was educated at
studied at
is a prominent lawyer known for representing lloyd 's of london in the dispute over the extent that its insurance covered the september 11th attacks on the world trade center . he grew up in windham , new hampshire and attended the pinkerton academy in derry . in 1992 , normand graduated from the college of william and mary magna cum laude and phi beta kappa . he then clerked for marjorie o. rendell on the united states district court for the eastern district of pennsylvania and joseph m. mclaughlin on the united states court of appeals for the second circuit . in 1995 , he received a j.d . from the
was born in new canaan , connecticut , in 1943 , the only child of james and colletta demott . until the age of eight , he lived with his parents on the estate of well known political artist and fine-art illuminator arthur szyk , who published the new order ( 1941 ) and ink & blood ( 1946 ) and illustrated numerous biblical and literary texts , as well as the 1948 declaration of the establishment of the state of israel . in 1951 , demott 's family moved to norwalk , ct , where he attended and then graduated from norwalk high school in 1961. he was educated at
is professor of gothic studies at bath spa university , england : he has specialised in the study of bram stoker . he was educated at the
graduated from
. china has also appeared on various radio shows . he was educated at
. she studied a btec hnd in media production at west herts college . after making an unsuccessful bid to join the presentation team of the bbc children 's show blue peter , porter has tended to present family-friendly television programmes , or ones aimed directly at children . this includes the movie chart show , top of the pops , and live & kicking , work for citv , and other programmes such as the big breakfast and
was born in san juan , puerto rico . after he graduated from croem high school , he attended the
. he was a scholar and research student at christ church between 1933 and 1939 , taking a first-class degree in modern languages in 1936. he served for six years in the british army , being commissioned into the queen 's royal regiment in 1939 and transferring to the intelligence corps in 1944 , where his knowledge of modern languages found employment . in 1941 he married vera broido , with whom he had a son , the writer
( 1957- ) is a british trombonist , actor , composer and multi-faceted performer of contemporary solo repertoire , modern jazz and early music . as a composer , he has received commissions from the
. wada was a translator for toho . they agreed to marry sometime after ichikawa completed his first film as director . natto wada 's original name was yumiko mogi ( born 13 september 1920 in himeji , hyōgo prefecture , japan ) ; the couple both had failed marriages behind them . she graduated with a degree in english literature from
( born new york , 1960 ) is a judge of the united states tax court . he earned a b.a . from
, cambridge , where he gained an ma degree specializing in composition , and in 1974 went on to study with herbert howells at the royal college of music . downes was head of the school of composition and creative studies at birmingham conservatoire from 1992 until 2005 , when he retired due to ill health .
has a degree in economics and commerce ( from the
is an iranian archaeologist . he received his m.a . in near eastern languages and civilizations , at university of chicago ( 1997 ) and his ph.d. from
is a turkish politician born july 6 , 1964 in antakya . he completed his primary and secondary education there , then studied at the uludağ university economics and social sciences faculty for 1 year . he continued his studies at the
attended a campaign rally at
( born november 15 , 1973 in hood river , oregon ) is an american actor , director , producer , writer , and professor . as an actor , he has appeared off-broadway , in regional theatre , summer stock , feature films , in radio and in 120 cities in 34 states nationwide . he has directed more than 50 theatrical productions , which have included directing tony winner daisy eagan in the new musical suburban dreams . he is the artistic director of the columbia gorge school of theatre and former artistic director of longview stageworks he is a member of the actors ' equity association , the american federation of television and radio artists , the dramatists guild , the stage directors and choreographers society , and the voice and speech trainers association . he received a bachelor of fine arts degree in acting from the tisch school of the arts at new york university , where he studied at the
was born and raised in cumberland , maryland , usa until moving to greenville , south carolina where he studied filmmaking in high school at
( 1839 -- 1904 ) was an artist from rome , italy , who worked in the united states capitol . he and constantino brumidi both trained at the
's blue grass boys on the grand ole opry . he appeared on monroe 's first solo recording session for rca victor 's bluebird label on october 7th of that year , playing guitar and singing lead vocals and bass on the blue grass quartet 's first recording ( `` cryin ' holy unto my lord '' ) . he was featured on that session singing `` six white horses '' , a blues-based original . he also has the rare distinction of having played mandolin on a blue grass boys session , as he provided the rhythm chops on `` mule skinner blues '' and `` dog house blues '' , while monroe played guitar - the only instance where a blue grass boy other than monroe played mandolin at a bill monroe recording session . upon his departure from the blue grass boys in 1944 , he remained at wsm and the opry for several years as a solo artist . in 1952 , he recorded as a member of the brown 's ferry four with the delmore brothers on king records . he later played at the first
in williamstown , massachusetts , and majored in art and philosophy . he worked as an artist after graduating , married mia galison , president of eeboo corp , and had three children , eyck , elodie , and finn . soon after their last children were born ,
was born in wichita , kansas , and raised first in colorado , then in california . he learned piano as a child , and while still a teenager toured with various bands . he attended
. he holds a bachelor 's degree in business administration from
was born in fort worth , texas , and still resides there today . she attended
was born bryan barbee on august 25 , 1982 to sherri ( a former singer for rare essence ) and anthony in durham , north carolina . at a young age , carty-yeah moved to around between north carolina , new york , d.c. and maryland . after attending many schools , carty finally graduated from
and claude champagne . he continued his studies briefly at
graduated from
is a canadian voice actress and alumna of
was born in geneva , switzerland in 1970. he spent part of his childhood in surrey , england . in 1979 , his family returned to the united states , and lived in the detroit area . fanning is a graduate of the university of michigan where he received a ba in english in 1993 and
. his maternal grandparents were zoologist peter medawar and author jean medawar . garland attended the independent
( born july 26 , 1953 ) is an american football coach and former player . he is currently the defensive coordinator at north carolina state university . from 1987 to 1990 , archer was the head football coach at louisiana state university , where he compiled a record of 27 -- 18 -- 1. archer has also served as an assistant coach at his alma mater ,
is a graduate of the
, who was a friend of his parents , but preferred to use his second name . he was educated at
in 1996 at the massachusetts institute of technology . she studied art at cranbrook academy of art where she gained her master of fine arts . she has taught at the
( 31 october 1917 -- 8 october 1982 ) was an english congregational minister , composer and musicologist . he was educated at
founded the eric carle museum of picture book art , a museum devoted to the art of children 's books in amherst located adjacent to hampshire college as part of the hampshire college cultural village . the museum has welcomed over 325,000 visitors since it opened its doors in 2002. carle received an honorary doctorate from
's landmark flight across the atlantic ocean . growing up in columbus , ohio , he was forced to delay college entrance due to the great depression . he eventually entered
grew up in liverpool . he graduated from the
, a well-to-do corporate lawyer . he was descended from squire boone , younger brother of frontiersman daniel boone . richard 's nephew is actor randy boone ( born 1942 ) ; his cousin is actor-singer pat boone ; his first cousin once removed is actress-singer debby boone ( pat 's daughter ) . boone graduated from hoover high school in glendale , california . he attended
was born to chaudhri mohammed aslam khan , a renowned politician , in the village of khizri in the yamunanagar district of haryana , india . his grandfather chaudhri abdul rashid khan was also an eminent gujjar leader of northern haryana . he is an alumnus of colonel brown cambridge school , dehradun . he did his b.a . at
. he was educated at the
( born july 1945 ) is an australian writer . he was born in the australian state of tasmania , and grew up on a farm in the northern part of that state , near irishtown . he studied agricultural science at the
( born july 30 , 1971 in dallas , texas ) , is a retired professional baseball player who played outfield in the major leagues from 1999-2004 for the san francisco giants , texas rangers , and chicago cubs . he is a 1989 graduate of dallas '
started out at 14 painting signs for butcher shops , in newark . armstrong studied at the
attended the prestigious özel alman lisesi (
was born in birmingham , alabama . she is a graduate of
went on trial at
( fulton county , georgia june 25 , 1898 - november 3 , 1974 st. augustine , florida ) was a public relations specialist specializing in department store promotions , a newspaper writer , radio producer , and a fashion director . she attended college at
was born in rochester , new york . he first picked up the saxophone at the age of 10 and began playing professionally in 1998. at that time bennett was an undergraduate music student at
of bourton-on-hill , gloucestershire and his wife mary palmer . his father was chief justice of the great sessions for carmarthenshire , cardiganshire , and pembrokeshire in 1610 , and recorder of gloucester from 1603 to 1626. overbury matriculated at
is a sculptor born in edinburgh in 1929. he was educated at
off on his georgian mission , hutton was transformed by the experience he had on board simond with the moravian brethren . hutton recorded the date in his memoirs as tuesday , 14 october 1735o.s.. so moved was he by this experience with them that he formed a society which met weekly in his home to pray . they concluded each meeting with a reading of the latest wesley correspondence describing the ongoing mission with the moravian brethren . in this way they practiced until john wesley 's return to england in 1738. it was during this period that another young moravian missionary , peter boehler , enroute to america , was invited to one of these meetings at fetter lane . he had studied at the
( born 6 march 1968 skopje , republic of macedonia ) is a turkish professional basketball coach . mahmuti was born to turkish parents living in skopje . mahmuti graduated from
while he attended
was born in philadelphia , pennsylvania to working class parents . his father was an upholsterer , and his mother , a homemaker . at age 9 , he began studying classical clarinet and continued to age 17. kaye attended central high school an all male academic city school . as rock and roll became popular in 1957 , he switched to saxophone and formed a band . kaye performed with many recording stars , including mel torme , wayne newton , lionel hampton , fats domino , maynard ferguson , bill haley & the comets and the isley brothers . he later attended
( born 1963 in munich ) is german computer scientist . he received a ph.d title from the
( born 1954 ) is a jamaica-born writer , artist and teacher . since 1993 , opal palmer adisa has taught literature and served as chair of the ethnic studies/cultural diversity program at the california college of arts and crafts in oakland . dr. adisa has two masters degrees from san francisco state university , and a ph.d. from the university of california at berkeley . she has previously taught undergraduate and graduate courses at
was born on july 23 , 1793 , in boston , massachusetts . he attended
was born to khalid zaman , business man and former international swimmer of pakistan , and his wife dr.shagufta khalid , lahore pakistan . she was brought up in lahore in a religious family . kiran began swimming at the age of three , turning professional in 2001. she was trained by her father . she attended
attended the
is a '68 graduate of
was born in zimbabwe in 1942 , where he studied english , french and latin at the ( then ) university college of rhodesia and nyasaland . in 1963 he won a commonwealth scholarship to
was born in birmingham , alabama . he attended
, on 8 august 1662. he held the office of member of parliament ( m.p . ) for kilmallock from 1665 to 1666. he was created 1st
grew up in dallas , texas and played the guitar as a youth . he studied jazz composition at the
in the college football season of 2005 -- 2006. coached by
is a lyric mezzo soprano and graduate of the
, a pun on the phrase `` one size fits all '' . he attended
and frances june macaulay of kingston , ontario . he enrolled at the
, church of ireland rector of buttevant , county cork , and harpist , was born early in the 1700 's . he graduated from
( born 1930 ) , b.sc. , phd , d.d. , born in aldridge , staffordshire , england , is an occult author , a wiccan priest , a doctor of physics and mathematics , and a prominent member of the american wiccan community . in 1952 , gavin graduated from
was educated in industrial design at
, namesake of a known entertainment host and writer , is founder and chairman of francisco center for social change foundation , inc. he retired in 2010 as director , president and chief operating officer of pagcor - philippine amusement and gaming corporation , http : //www.pagcor.ph/about-pagcor.php the philippine government 's regulator and operator of casinos . he has a baccalaureate degree from the
( born on march 2 , 1948 in edmonton , alberta ) is a former nhl linesman who graduated from
in skokie , illinois and studied film at columbia college chicago . he started shooting super 8 short six million dollar man movies when he was only eight years old . he completed his first feature horror film , short cut road in 2003 which was distributed by horror movie outlet sub rosa studios on dvd in 2003 , quickly followed by the rockville slayer in 2004 , which was distributed by freestyle home entertainment and universal umvd . the rockville slayer had horror genre actors joe estevez , linnea quigley , and robert z'dar star in the film . in 2006 , he was set to shoot his third feature , satanic panic , but had to push back production until 2007 due to time constraints . because of the shooting delay , some parts had to be recast , including roles originally set to star veteran b-movie actesses felissa rose and brinke stevens . the final cast consists of mostly chicago based actors . the film is loosely based on the `` satanic cult '' killings that occurred during the 1980s and 1990s . satanic panic began filming in the summer of 2007 with most principal photography completed in september . the remaining scenes were finally shot in june and july 2008. marc has jokingly referred to satanic as `` the star wars of low budget horror movies '' because of the time it took to complete . marc stated , `` karl ( co-writer karl sundstrom ) and i started writing satanic in september/october of 2005. three years in the making because satanic finished production in the fall of 2008 . '' satanic panic was initially planned as a straight to dvd project , but there is word of a potential limited theatrical release due to industry buzz about the film . the film was screened on november 28 , 2008 in wheeling , il for friends , family and some press . in late 2008 a mask distribution deal of the creature `` toby '' from the fim satanic panic was made between
. he entered
has an undergraduate degree in electrical engineering and computer science from
is author of 65 publications on renewable energy and energy efficiency . he is a member of the chairperson committee of the world council for renewable energy , member of the editorial board of the interdisciplinary journal energy policy , and advisor to several international organizations . he received m.a . and ph.d. degrees in energy and resources from the
was born in cronkborne , braddan . he was the son of william fine moore mhk and a descendant of illiam dhone . he was educated at
and both were inducted to the secret society skull and bones . he earned an master of arts and ph.d in sociology from the
, was a british columbia politician and businessman . beaven moved to british columbia from toronto , where he had been educated at
was born in wollongong , new south wales , in 1964 to parents who emigrated to australia from greece . he was a student at
is an orthopaedic surgeon and the team physician for the san jose sharks of the national hockey league and san jose sabercats of the arena football league . dr. ting is also the team orthopaedist for menlo college , a small liberal arts school which competes on the ncaa division iii circuit ( northwest conference ) and naia circuit ( california pacific conference ) , and is well known for his surgeries on motorcycle racers such as world champions michael doohan , nicky hayden and ben spies . ting works at the fremont sports therapy and surgery center , which is responsible for the medical treatment of many bay area professional sports organizations , including the oakland raiders . he earned his medical degree at
is the head coach of the gators women 's golf team ; she was hired as the new coach on june 15 , 2009 , dowling was previously the assistant women 's golf coach at duke university for one year ( 2009 ) and
( born izyan alirahman , also known as kokokaina ; b . 1985 ) is a malaysian singer-songwriter , guitarist , and ukulele player . she was born in miri , sarawak , malaysia . she moved to kuala lumpur when she was 12. she studied fashion design at
began his studies in mathematics , but then shifted his attention to tibet . he received his master 's degree at the
in 1991. the white house correspondent 's association honored her in 1998 by establishing the
and anna marguerite ( née vulliamy ) , battle was educated at
is a 1976 graduate of
grew up in imabari , ehime , japan , and graduated from imabari nishi high school . nagai attended
was born on the 15th november , 1964 in anyiin , logo local government area of benue state . in 1986 he was admitted into the law faculty of the university of lagos . he obtained an ll.b degree in 1989 , and the bl certificate from the
( born march 22 , 1979 in vancouver , british columbia ) is a canadian rower . she is a student at the
received his phd in mathematics from the cuny graduate center in 2000 , his msc in mathematics from
was born 5 october 1811 on governor 's island , new york . he was a graduate from
( born march 22 , 1977 ) is a football analyst . mcshay is a native of swampscott , massachusetts and played quarterback for the swampscott ( mass . ) high school football team ( 1991 -- 1994 ) . in 1999 , he graduated from the
was born in florence , italy where he graduated ( italian laurea ) in theoretical physics under the direction of professor raoul gatto . he pursued his doctoral studies at the
and architecture has supported and educated many key figures in the arts . in 2009 an exhibition , from art school to university : art and design at brighton 1859-2009 , paid tribute to many of them and included turner prize winners , iconic design work , cutting-edge dance for camera and classic rock and pop imagery . turner prize winners keith tyson and
, m.d . was born january 20 , 1946 in cleveland , ohio and grew up in miami beach , florida . he is a graduate of creighton university school of medicine in omaha , nebraska . dr. khalsa received his training in anesthesiology at the
grew up in butler , missouri . after high school , he attended william jewell college in liberty , missouri . he spent his sophomore year in college studying abroad at seinan gakuin university in japan . during his junior year , he interned with the office of u.s. congressman ike skelton . klumb earned his juris doctorate from the
was the son of johann gottlieb sillem , banker with hope and co. bankers , amsterdam . his mother was jonkvrouwe judith catharina henriette hoeufft . henrik sillem studied law at the
finished st. george 's austrian high school ( ) in istanbul . she was an afs-exchage student in 1962 in phoenix , arizona . she studied german literature at
received his training at the
attended
( b. may 18 , 1987 , aurora , illinois ) is an american stand-up comic . he graduated from
( born january 09 , 1985 ) is an is an english mixed martial artist . he trains with hamma mixed martial arts academy based in st. helens , england . he formally trained at
was a graduate of
( born 27 july 1976 , united kingdom ) is a computer game designer , ai programmer , neuroscientist and world-class games player . a child prodigy in chess , he reached master standard at the age of 13 with an elo rating of 2300. after finishing his a-level exams two years early he began his computer games career at bullfrog productions , first level designing on syndicate and then at 17 co-designing and lead programming on the classic game theme park , with the games designer peter molyneux , which went on to sell several million copies and win a golden joystick award . hassabis then left bullfrog to take up his place at queens ' college , university of cambridge where he graduated from the
( c. 1450 -- 1513 ) was an english poet born in chester . in his boyhood he was received into the benedictine monastery of saint werburgh , and after studying with other novices of his order at
was born in cape town and holds both british and south african citizenship . she has been playing piano since the age of 11 and received her first recording contract at the age of 15. she attended the rustenberg girls high , matriculating in 1996. she received an honours degree from the
is an american television writer who is best known for her work as a writer on the nbc series 30 rock and californication . she also appears on as a commentator . she graduated from
was born in chicago . he is a graduate of
was born in rodica near ljubljana , in yugoslavia ( modern-day slovenia ) . in 1945 he and his family sought refuge in austria and later fled to argentina in 1948. he entered the congregation of the mission , more commonly known as the lazarists , in buenos aires in 1952 , making his perpetual profession in 1957. rode studied at the
is an american film and television actor , who is also a television writer and producer . he studied acting at the
was born in hastings in 1981 , and raised in dorset on the south coast of england . he attended
who was the attorney general of massachusetts , and returned to england with his family at the start of the american revolution , where he attended
at the 1985 u.s. amateur . he was the 1984 -- 1985 georgia golf association men 's player of the year . he attended the
received her bachelor 's degree in latin american studies from
in st.john 's . mcgrath began work as a fisherman operating his own boat and later owned a fishing business operating catching cod on the grand banks and herring . first elected mha for the district of placentia and st. mary 's in 1885 ( a position his father had held in the past ) . he served as a member of the newfoundland fisheries commission from 1889 to 1895. he was re-elected in 1893 and was named to the executive council as chairman of the board of works . he was forced to resign from the assembly the following year after the tories filed petitions against 15 liberal and one independent incumbent for partisan use of government funds . he was disqualified from holding office again . his brother richard was elected to represent placentia and st. mary 's in the subsequent by-election . in 1895 , mcgrath was named governor of the newfoundland penitentiary , a position he filled from apr 1 1895 until his death in 1902. he was married three times : first in 1882 to theresa mary power ( 1859 - 1886 ) , then in 1889 to catherine ( kate ) mccarthy ( 1859 - 1895 ) and finally in 1896 to mary anne ( min ) aylward ( 1859 - 1943 ) . in all he had 6 children , 3 boys and 3 girls ( including twin daughters who died as children ) . one son john william mcgrath worked as secretary and advisor to theodore roosevelt but died in 1924 at the age of 32 in boston , mass . son james became a doctor and eventually entered politics , becoming minister of health in the smallwood government . daughter elizabeth anne mcgrath studied law and in 1934 was the second woman admitted to the bar in newfoundland .
. he was also the grandnephew of seth low pierrepont ( member of connecticut house of representatives , 1921 to 1927 ) and nephew of abbot low moffat ( member of new york state assembly from the new york county 15th district , 1929 to 1943 ) . on december 28 , 1953 , moffat married pamela mary dawson . he graduated from harvard university with an a.b . in 1953. moffat served in the united states army from 1953 to 1956. in 1956 he entered the u.s foreign service as intelligence research officer in the bureau of intelligence and research . he was consular officer in kobe and osaka , japan , from 1958 to 1960 , and political officer in paris , france , from 1961 to 1965. in the state department he served as officer in charge of benelux affairs at the bureau of european affairs from 1965 to 1968 , and staff assistant to the secretary of state from 1968 to 1969. he was a political officer in bern , switzerland , from 1969 to 1970 , and deputy chief of mission in port of spain , trinidad and tobago from 1971 to 1974. in 1974 , he attended the
was born in aweil , sudan , which lies in the eastern portion of southern sudan . appointed by the sudan people 's liberation army/movement , he was the charge d'affaires or sudanese ambassador to the united states from 2006-2007. ukec gained notoriety in the west with a washington post article about his downplaying of international claims of genocide in darfur . in the style of naming iraqi diplomat muhammad saeed al-sahhaf `` bagdad bob '' for his propaganda interviews , the post nicknamed ukec `` khartoum karl '' . joining the southern liberation movement in 1964 , he served as a military officer in the anya-nya forces until the addis ababa peace accord in 1972 , when he was absorbed into the sudan armed forces with the rank of captain . he concluded his military career as a general and commanding officer of the first infantry division 's combat training center . moving to the united states in the 1980s , ukec became an activist and public speaker on liberation issues of southern sudan . he earned masters degrees from both
. she is graduate of
was educated at
( born 17 october 1954 ) is a retired australian politician . born in brisbane , he was educated at the
graduated from the
was born in brooklyn , new york . he earned a b.s . in mathematics from the city college of new york . he did graduate work in mathematics at new york university and columbia university . he attained the rank of lieutenant colonel in the u.s. army . mr. levenson was a graduate of the
. in 1902-1903 , pokrovsky was a deputy chairman ( chairman from 1904 ) of the department of taxation of the ministry of finance . in 1906 , he was appointed deputy finance minister and mainly oversaw taxation affairs . in 1914-1916 , pokrovsky was a member of the state council ( retaining his post of the deputy finance minister until july 1914 ) . from january to november 1916 , pokrovsky held the post of state inspector . on 30 november 1916 , he was appointed minister of foreign affairs . some of the english newspapers regarded his nomination as a sign of final suppression of germanophilic agitation in russia . on 19 november 1916 , pokrovsky announced in the state duma that the treaty of 1915 with great britain and france ( later signed by italy , as well ) had finally established russia 's right on the straits and constantinople . also , he said that russia would never sign a peace treaty with germany , which caused a storm of applause in the duma . during his 3-month tenure as a foreign minister ,
was born in edinburgh , the grandson of alexander monro tertius , professor of anatomy at the university of edinburgh , whose own father , alexander monro secondus ( 1733 -- 1817 ) , and grandfather , alexander monro primus ( 1697 -- 1767 ) , had both filled the same position . david monro was educated at the university of glasgow , where he was influenced by edmund law lushington to become a classical scholar . in 1854 , he attended brasenose college , oxford and , later in the same year transferred to
, a commerce graduate from the
was born in saskatoon , saskatchewan . he is a graduate of the
and his brother brian blades attended
( born 19 april 1970 ) is an american author and professor of renaissance literature and culture at exeter university . raised in carmel-by-the-sea , california , dr. schwyzer received his undergraduate and doctoral degrees from the
played college football at uh from 1976 to 1980 , starting at defensive back . he was included on the
( born october 2 , 1952 ) , her family would settle in a neighborhood on columbus ' east side , after her father retired from the united states army . bradley graduated from
was educated at
was born on january 15 , 1882 in świetniki , russian empire . he studied in geneva , zurich , and paris , and obtained his phd at the
is an italian software developer . he is the original developer of mame , an emulator application designed to recreate the hardware of arcade game systems in software . in december 2002 , he graduated from the
was married to his mother . he earned a bfa from
in the college football 2007 ncaa division i fbs football season . they played their home games at
( d. june 10 , 1994 ) , son of sherman everett burroughs , graduated from manchester high school in 1917. he attended
began as a trumpet player.he played trumpet while student at marling school , stroud , glos . he met antony baines and david munrow who encouraged him to try early woodwind instruments such as the recorder , shawm and rackett. ) he studied at the
. he studied geology at the
- dubbed `` the best musicologist east of suez '' http : //www.goa-world.com/goa/music/lourdino.htm at a world congress for choir conductors held in rome - was born on february 11 , 1938 , in galgibaga in south goa . he studied at the
( born november 10 , 1948 ) is an american broadcast journalist most recognized for his coverage of the september 11 , 2001 attacks , his first day on air at cnn . he was a longtime reporter for abc , the founding host of abc 's world news now , weekend anchor of world news tonight and the host of cnn 's flagship evening program newsnight with aaron brown . he is currently the anchor of the pbs documentary series wide angle and an instructor at the
, a student at
( march 18 , 1919 - june 14 , 2001 ) was a philologist and university professor . marcovich was born in belgrade . he studied at the
( december 30 , 1915 -- august 28 , 1977 ) was a u.s. representative from illinois . carlson was born and raised in aurora , illinois , and attended north central college and received his b.a . from the
( 6 january 1808 -- 4 april 1864 ) was an american naval officer , conchologist , and invertebrate palaeontologist . born in boston , massachusetts , he entered the
was born and raised in montana , where she obtained a degree in journalism from the
was the son of major irving muntz and jessie challoner . he was educated at
and george . eve is of english , welsh , and irish descent . she attended
subsequently attended the hamilton academy , described by sir tam dalyell , former father of the house of commons , as `` a remarkable school '' with `` a formidable academic reputation . '' matriculating at the university of glasgow , reading agricultural bacteriology and enrolling at the west of scotland agricultural college , henderson graduated in 1926 , subsequently being appointed a lecturer in bacteriology at king 's college ,
was born on jan 27 , 1912 at muzaffarnagar , in up state . he got bachelor in science degree from agra college and then studied engineering at thomason college of civil engineering ( now university of roorkee ) passing with honours in 1935. as a student jai krishna won awards like thomason prize , cautley gold medal and calcott reilly memorial gold medal . he received his doctoral degree in civil engineering from
( born 1978 ) is an american mixed media artist . he was born in minneapolis , minnesota and grew up mainly in the southwest suburb of hopkins , where he graduated from hopkins high school in 1997. he attended the
( born 24 may 1953 ) is a french baritone . he studied at the
studied economics and mathematics at the
( august 31 , 1852 -- may 9 , 1935 ) was an american editor , translator , and author . he attended
is an american cinema and tv director and producer . he is a graduate of
received a doctor of medicine degree from loyola university in 1974 ( cum laude ) . to this he added a master of occupational health from the harvard school of public health in 1982. in 1986 , dr. howard earned a juris doctor from the
is a republican member of the montana legislature . he was elected to senate district 13 , representing great falls , montana , in 2011. buttrey received an electrical engineer degree from
hung ling , sbs , jp ( ; born june 1948 in shanghai with family roots in ningbo , zhejiang ) was the managing director of citic pacific and the vice-chairman of cathay pacific airways . he was the non-official member of executive council of hong kong from 2007 to 2009. he is the elder brother of fanny law , a former hong kong government official . he was graduated from
in exeter , devon the son of edward holwell , an apothecary , and educated from 1776 at
was born in anderson , south carolina , of parents charlton hines strickland and his wife teresa hammond reed . when her father died , the family moved into the home of her grandparents , judge and mr. j. pinckney reed . strickland began studying piano at age six and began composing in her teens . she studied piano and composition at
( 1796 -- 1852 ) was an english solicitor and poet . john hamilton was the son of george hamilton , writing master at
and mary priscilla wilson . smith was educated at home by his mother , who also gave him drawing lessons . between 1851 and 1852 , he accompanied his parents and sister mary on the family 's tour of europe . after returning home , he studied chemistry at the
got his first job as an assistant professor of psychology for two years at the university of utah in salt lake city , utah , and then moved to the university of washington in seattle , washington for 14 years , receiving tenure in 1985. in 1987 , he moved to the university of michigan in ann arbor , michigan , where he was professor of psychology for four years , during the latter two of which he simultaneously held the position of research scientist in univ . of michigan 's institute for social research . in 1991 , he moved to
was born on 28 january 1950 in riffa , bahrain . his parents were isa bin salman al khalifa who in 1950 was the crown prince and hessa bint salman al khalifa . after attending manama secondary school in bahrain , hamad was sent to england to complete the remainder of his education . he attended applegarth college in godalming , surrey before taking a place at the leys school in cambridge . hamad then underwent military training , first with the british army at mons officer cadet school at aldershot in hampshire , graduating in september 1968. four years later in june 1972 hamad attended the
attended
( born july 26 , 1970 ) is an american football coach . he is currently the head football coach at westminster college in new wilmington , pennsylvania , a position he has held since the 2005 season . hand served as the head football coach at benedictine university from 1999 to 2000 and at waynesburg university from 2001 to 2004. a native of ellwood city , pennsylvania , he graduated from
and yefraim gelman . from 1932 to 1936 , he attended the
and began her studies with milton kestenbaum , former principal bass of the pittsburgh symphony under fritz reiner and member of the nbc symphony under arturo toscanini , and with herman reinshagen , assistant-principal bass of the new york philharmonic under gustav mahler and arturo toscanini at the university of california , los angeles . she continued her studies at the
( born 1976 ) is an american softball player and olympic champion . she attended high school at
in leamington and then warwick school . he has two brothers , jamie and guy . he has an 'unofficial ' fan club called 'the
attended that school from 1950-1964. he received his bachelor 's degree in english from
( february 16 , 1976 -- ) is an american poet . born in indianapolis , he received degrees in english and spanish from indiana university and an mfa from the
( 1828 -- 1885 ) was an american lawyer and legal writer , born in rochester , n. y. , where he practiced law for many years following his graduation from
( born august 8 , 1989 ) is an american football cornerback for the new york giants of the national football league . he was signed by the denver broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2011. he played college football for rutgers university . he attended
in rockledge , florida and was a letterwinner in football , wrestling , and baseball . in football , he was an all-conference honoree and an all-state honoree . in wrestling , he was a two-time state qualifier . in baseball , he won all-conference honors .
, and his paternal grandmother was hilda hanbury , sister of the stage performer lily hanbury . his maternal grandfather was the dramatist frederick lonsdale , and his maternal grandmother was the daughter of football player and stockbroker charles morice . he was educated at
attended
for third in broncos ' career starts with 177. he attended
from 1988 to 1991. his mentor was
is a seattle attorney , television pundit , and political strategist , and a graduate of
was educated at
. he graduated with high honors . after graduation and the deaths of both his parents in 1867 , george gave up his architecture business , closed the family brewery , and moved to new york . searching for something more exciting and challenging , he joined the criminal underground . for 10 years he was the most successful bank robber in new york state and was perhaps one of the most notorious in u.s. history . by 1874 he was at the head of the most successful gang of bankrobbers known . however , his involvement in these robberies was not known until after his death in 1878. as members of his gang were caught , they told police who had masterminded the robberies . until then ,
was educated at charterhouse and at
( born 20 may 1952 ) is a british scholar and author . ostler studied at
was born in tilak nagar , mumbai , to film producer surinder kapoor and his wife nirmal . he attended
was born in downtown detroit , michigan to a family of ukrainian immigrants who worked at the ford motor company . kenny began studying music from his grandfather at the age of five on the mandolin , and then started on the clarinet and saxophone at the age of six . he began working professionally from the age of 12. while attending cass technical high school , kenny became a student of larry teal and donald sinta . after high school maslak studied music and psychology at the
. he was educated at norlington school for boys , a comprehensive school at the same time as his elder brother paul , and at leyton county high school for boys , a comprehensive school . he also attended southampton college of art , now known as
and composer hummie mann have written a musical called `` a slaying song tonight '' with minneapolis-based playwright john olive . in 2009 , she and mr. olive received a commission from the prestigious
, who sponsored his studies at the
( 1848-1906 ) and margaret blow . his father was president of the atlantic coast line railroad . he graduated from the
, ( 25 october 1944 - 26 july 2000 ) , better known as t.r. , his initials under which he wrote fiction , is considered a harbinger of high modernism in malayalam . he was born in thrippunithura and his parents were mannur madhathil raman nambiar and kochu madhathil savithri brahmani amma . t.r . had his school education in edappally , kodungallur and thrippunithura . he graduated in zoology from
and mary holyland . he attended
was born on may 25 , 1944 in cambridge , ma and grew up in brookline , ma where he attended
is an american poet . he graduated from
( 1922 -- 1999 ) was the director of föhrenwald , the third largest displaced persons camp in the american sector of post-wwii germany in 1946. a native of new york city and a child of jewish immigrants from the vilna area of lithuania , cohen was a graduate of
was born in 1911 , the third of four children of guy winslow , president of lasell junior college in auburndale , massachusetts . his father was a trustee of tufts college and a friend of john cousens , who would become president of tufts . during his childhood , he met guests who spoke at lasell such as the poet robert frost . he graduated from newton high school in 1929 , and was admitted to tufts , earning a ba in english in 1934 and an ma in english in 1935. he began teaching in the
( born 28 july 1986 ) is a sierra leonean sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres . he attended the
was educated at
studied at the maryland institute college of art , earning a bachelor of fine arts degree in 1992. he then studied at the
( born 6 september 1947 ) , is a professor of astronomy at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign . thompson graduated with a b.a . in both physics and astronomy from the
is an american filmmaker born in london , england , immigrated to new york city in the 1980s . he holds a bachelors of science degree in legal studies from
was born in quilmes , buenos aires , argentina , and graduated from the
has been spray painting since 1984. he moved to san francisco in the early 1980s for college , where he attended both the
the influential historian , was his nephew . he studied at
, howard hughes , buddy hackett and bill cullen . he attended
( born september 13 , 1982 ) is an american musician and record producer residing in nyc . he graduated from
band has been , officially , nicknamed the `` ambush of tigers marching unit/force '' . the ambush has been ranked in the top 10 in idaho for the past four years . the director of the band is mr. gordon p. smith . in four years , the ambush has grown from 44 to 99 members , becoming the fastest growing marching band in the northwest united states . in 2009-2010 , the ambush became the district 4 state champions , beating the burley high school `` burley bobcat band '' , in two out of three of their competitions , for the award , the first time that the `` ambush of tigers '' have ever won the award . the pep band has helped the school win the sportsmanship award three consecutive years , until the band and school were beaten out for the award this year , amid controversy , to rival twin falls high school bruins in the ihsaa girls state championship tournament . the band also lost the sportsmanship award in the ihsaa boys state championship tournament .
is a former basketball player at the
. he is currently at work on a new book , on `` the aesthetics of disability : american literature and figurative contingency . '' he received his ph.d in english from the
( march 1 , 1811 -- august 18 , 1864 ) was a democratic united states representative for the 23rd district of new york . he was born in paris , new york in 1811. babcock first attended
was born in the cotswolds village of sheepscombe , gloucestershire , england . he is the son of juliette ( née fleming ) and peter moseley , a cinematographer . moseley is the eldest of three children : daisy ( born 1989 ) and benjamin moseley ( born 1992 ) . moseley attended sheepscombe primary school from september 1991 to july 1998 , and then continued his education at
engineering student
for a role in a summer production at the lawrenceville school , during his four years there . he studied at
is archbishop of washington , d.c. and metropolitan of europe of the anglo-lutheran catholic church . archbishop bargmann was born and raised in lübeck , germany . he is a graduate of the german luftwaffe academy ; the
graduated from
was educated at
, 5th earl of longford , of the second creation , in the peerage of ireland , he was educated at eton college and
attended
, now plays for the new york jets . mangold attended
was born march 5 , 1916 in oklahoma city to parents inez and e. k. gaylord . her father was editor and publisher of the oklahoman and the oklahoma city times . edith attended
and barbara brodie kahn . he joined his family in cuernavaca , mexico , where his father had fled in the 1950s during the red scare , when he was five years old . ultimately , the family returned to the united states and kahn graduated magna cum laude from
's mother was a member of the sault tribe of chippewa indians in michigan . morello was educated at the
, and dirk collins . gavitt , the son of legendary basketball coach and ex-boston celtics ceo dave gavitt , grew up in providence , rhode island and spent summers on cape cod . he was a high school all-american lacrosse player and graduated from the university of north carolina , where he won a national championship . he is a former university of maryland assistant woman 's basketball coach , boston celtics scout , and special assistant to the celtics general manager . steve jones grew up on cape cod and spent the weekends skiing in stowe , vermont . he graduated from holderness school in 1987. he later transferred to the
, was his uncle . he was educated at
and cooper middle school . his father was a computer-systems analyst for the u.s. department of agriculture , and his mother taught elementary school . he received a b.s . in communications and political science in 1990 from university of california , santa barbara . while at ucsb he was the radio announcer for the gauchos ' basketball and football teams while also hosting a local sports show . after college , czaban moved back to his hometown and was hired by andy pollin at wtem-am ( now espn 980 ) to do updates as a part-timer . then he was on to chicago for one-on-one sports radio network , where he met bob and brian , charlotte 's wfnz-am , six months at espn radio and then back to wtem , where he was finally paired with pollin on `` the sports reporters . '' he hosted gametime with
, ( born 1952 in beckley , west virginia ) , is a poet , translator and critic . he is considered an authority on the catalan language , and is currently a professor of contemporary catalan poetry and literary theory at the open university of catalonia . he holds a degree in hispanic studies from the
is an anthropologist , adventurer , author and filmmaker born in brighton in 1952. he attended
a milwaukee native . she graduated from
( born 1950 ) is an american author . he has a degree in english from
's career started at
was born in white plains , maryland to parents james and denise green . he attended
saw his potential and steered him to the hanley art school where he won a scholarship to the
( 25 september 1889 - 22 january 1963 ) was a roman catholic bishop , his highest posting was as archbishop of westminster . born in liverpool , he was educated at
( born 1959 ) is a canadian composer , author , and professor of music born in vernon , british columbia . his creative output consists of orchestral , chamber , solo , electroacoustic , and vocal music . he studied at
received a joint commission from
( 19 october , 1885 -- 4 november , 1948 ) was an american mycologist . born in coldwater , michigan , zeller was educated at lawrence college in wisconsin , then greenville college in illinois , from which he received a bachelor of science degree in 1909. he earned his doctorate in botany in 1917 at
in greifswald , germany and was raised in north carolina , the son of elisabeth and clemons sommer , a professor of art history at the university of north carolina . he studied at the
is a performer and professor of bassoon and chamber music . he was educated at the
was awarded an officer of the order of australia ( ao ) in 1999 , and the centenary medal in 2001. he received an honorary doctor of laws degree from the
( born 19 march 1947 in bury , lancashire , england ) is a british writer on art , product design and graphic design . he studied physics at the
( 26 june 1862 -- 20 october 1939 ) was an australian politician . born in maitland , new south wales , he was educated at
received the young child in a private audience at the royal palace of madrid in 1880 and jonás was immediately hailed as a prodigy . he initially studied at the
was born in new york and graduated from cornell university in 1977. she received an m.a . in creative writing from
( 1881 -- 1923 ) was the mayor of marietta , georgia , and one of the ringleaders in the lynching of leo frank . he was the son of senator alexander s. clay . clay attended the
received his mba from uc berkeley ,
was an american politician and a member of the united states house of representatives for tennessee 's 7th congressional district . he was born on may 20 , 1825 in pulaski , tennessee in giles county . he graduated from wurtemberg academy in 1841 , from the
was the son of thomas akins , a merchant , and margaret ott beamish . akins ' father was a descendant of the original new england planters of falmouth , nova scotia settled in 1761 ; his mother was the daughter of halifax merchant thomas beamish of port warden , nova scotia . akins was an only child , his mother having died ten days after his birth , he was raised by her family in halifax , where he attended
is the former drummer for the band the revolution smile . his songwriting talents are showcased on the revolution smile 's album above the noise on the song , `` future of an end '' . he has also recorded drums on some tracks with another sacramento , california based band mama 's gravy , and was a long time member of the sacramento based band nothing . additionally , he works in southern california as a songwriter , producer , and studio musician . white earned a bachelor 's degree in music from
( born 1928 ) is california winemaker . winiarski was born in a large polish section of chicago , illinois . after graduating from high school , he entered the
is a graduate of
, is an abstract painter who was born in tokyo , japan . he studied from 1955 to 1957 at the
( born 1960 ) is an american artist . born in hemet , california , but moved to the seattle area at the age of three . she has also lived in england , malaysia , boston , and san francisco . she received her bachelor of arts degree from
started his career at technet , the first and only internet service provider in singapore , in 1993 when he was still a student at the
is a researcher of japanese graves and missionary history in south america with a focus on peru . he was the japanese editor for the japanese-language peru newspaper peru shinpō . he graduated from
horchler in washington , d.c. to parents gabe and joani . she grew up in cheverly , maryland . she began performing in plays at age 12. she has four sisters ( gen , steph , jules , ili ) . christian acquired her first acting job while she still attending high school at eleanor roosevelt high school located in greenbelt , maryland , on the television series young americans . she studied one and half years of theater at the
grew up in tirana , albania and he graduated at the academy of music and arts of albaniain tirana . later he also got a degree from the academy of fine arts in naples , italy . in 2000 , he received an m.f.a . from
was born at waltham abbey , essex , and studied at
( b. june 16 , 1934 ) is a republican member of the idaho house of representatives . barrett has served in the idaho house since 1992. barrett was re-elected in november of 2010 with her term expiring in 2012. barrett graduated from
( b . 1949 ) is a professor of psychology at depaul university in chicago , illinois , where he also directs the center for community research . he received a b.a . in psychology from
. his father was ely bernays , brother of freud 's wife martha bernays . his mother was freud 's sister , anna . in 1892 his family moved to new york city , where he attended dewitt clinton high school . in 1912 he graduated from
was born in iran and studied at the tehran conservatory . in 1972 , he attended the
( born 1948 ) is an american author , the daughter of author robert c. o'brien . she started her literary work by finishing the manuscript for her father 's z for zachariah in 1975 after his death . her first own book , racso and the rats of nimh , was published in 1986 , and is a sequel to her father 's mrs. frisby and the rats of nimh . she graduated from
was educated at
( died 16 july 1767 ) was an irish journalist and political activist on the jacobite side , as well as a minor playwright . the 18th century biographia dramatica says that molloy attended
was born in the city of taganrog in 1910. in 1930 he completed his studies in the taganrog 's aviation technical school and was assigned to the aviation factory number 1 in moscow as technical engineer in the assembly shop . he graduated from the
gcsk mp was a mauritian politician . david received his diploma in education at the
( 21 november 1882 -- 6 march 1951 ) was an australian politician . born in adelaide , south australia , he was educated there at
( ali macgraw ) , a wealthy student at
, a student at
began developing his process maturity concepts during the later stages of his 27 year career at
; for defence secretary des browne ; and for gordon brown again as prime minister from june 2007 to may 2010. he was educated at
, another student of harvey 's , at
was born on may 8 , 1920 , in the bronx , new york , to eastern european jewish immigrant parents . he graduated from
after which he served in the imperial russian army learning fluent russian . in 1917 enckell negotiated for finnish independence in saint petersburg in the position of finnish minister secretary of state and representative of senate of finland . later he served finland on several occasions as the minister of foreign affairs and as the finnish delegate to the league of nations . general rudolf walden received his military education at hamina cadet school 1892-1900. he was the best of his class . walden was dismissed from service in 1902 , in connection with a conscription strike . after leaving the army walden had a notable career in business . general hannes ignatius received his military education at hamina cadet school 1885-1892 , and in the nicholas academy of general staff in st petersburg 1896-1899. served in the finnish dragoon regiment 1892-1901 after which he was a businessman . vilhelm aleksander thesleff received his military education at hamina cadet school from 1894 -- 1901 , and in the nicholas academy of general staff in st.petersburg 1904-1907 , and the officers cavalry school 1910-1911. he was a finnish general , first minister of defence of finland and briefly the commander in chief of the finnish army in 1918 .
was educated at the
, from which he was the last man eliminated by the winner , mark henry . on august 20 , urive took back the role of sin cara for a live event , however , at the following tapings of smackdown , arias once again appeared under the mask . on the august 30 edition of smackdown , sin cara defeated daniel bryan . after the match and as bryan was recovering , sin cara went to shake his hand , then proceeded to roundhouse kick him in the head , turning heel in the process . at the tapings of the september 16 edition of smackdown , the original sin cara made his return , confronting arias ' impostor version of the character . on the september 19 edition of raw , the impostor sin cara attacked the original character prior to his match with cody rhodes , but was forced to flee the ring after a brief brawl . on the september 23 edition of smackdown , the impostor sin cara attacked the original version during his match with daniel bryan , then took his place in the match and pinned bryan for the win . the following week he revealed a new black attire to distinguish himself from the original version , while also explaining that he was going to steal the sin cara identity from urive , just as urive had stolen the místico identity from him six years prior . on october 2 at hell in a cell , the impostor sin cara , now being referred to as `` sin cara negro '' , was defeated by the original sin cara , now referred to as `` sin cara azul '' . however , the feud continued on the following edition of smackdown with sin cara negro attacking sin cara azul . the rivalry culminated at the october 16 taping of smackdown in mexico city in a mask vs. mask match , where sin cara azul was victorious , unmasking arias by force after the match . on the october 28 episode of smackdown , negro was interviewed by matt striker , where he wanted payback for losing to azul while revealing his name to be
studied architecture from 1923 to 1927 at the technische lehranstalten offenbach . he continued his studies 1927 to 1928 at the kölner werkschulen as meisterschüler of dominikus böhm , who interested him in building churches . krahn worked with rudolf schwarz from 1928 to 1940. he graduated as a civil engineer at the
was born in scotland of polish-jewish parents . he studied violin with carel blitz in rotterdam from 1915 to 1923 , with willy hess at the national conservatory in berlin from 1923 to 1924 , and with jules boucherit in paris from 1924 to 1926. he then enrolled at the
attended
( chines : 谭杰希 ) , a boy born in shenzhen , china , went to canada at the age of 15. later he was admitted to
enrolled at
was born in 1948 in huddersfield and educated at the dalton county primary school on mayfield avenue in huddersfield ;
( october 22 , 1826 -- february 3 , 1882 ) was an italian composer and cellist . from 1839 to 1842 he studied with vincenzo merighi at the
has a law degree from the
was born and raised in buffalo , new york where he attended
achieved much fame as a musician while quite young -- when he was still a student at
was born in 1961 in neath , wales . he obtained a b.a . degree from cambridge university in 1983. he subsequently pursued doctoral studies in mathematics at the
attended
, nfl running back who played for the kansas city chiefs and baltimore ravens , attended
was born in edenkoben , rhenish palatinate , to james and catherine ( née wigman ) blenk . born and raised in a protestant family , he was the youngest of seventeen children and also a twin but his twin brother died at six months . in 1866 he and his family emigrated from germany and moved to new orleans , louisiana , in the united states . his parents died only some weeks later and the orphan james blenk was brought up in a catholic family . converting to catholicism at age 12 , blenk was baptized at st. alphonsus church in 1869 and later confirmed by archbishop napoléon-joseph perché . after completing his primary education in new orleans , he entered jefferson college in convent and eventually joined the society of mary ( more commonly known as the marist fathers ) 1878. he was then sent to the marist house of studies in belley , france , and completed his probationary studies at the novitiate in lyons before being sent to further his studies at the
, a graduate of
( 1828 -- 1903 ) and grandson of richard upjohn ( 1802 -- 1878 ) . he received a degree in mechanical engineering from
attended
( born urmston , greater manchester , late 1950s ) is a british journalist and presenter who has fronted stv 's coverage of the uefa champions league for the 2006/07 season by accident . he attended
was the 18th president of
graduated from carleton university 's journalism program.he also studied at
was born in baku as emin abdullayev and changed his name to milli only recently . he has graduated from
was born in boynton beach , florida and as a young child , her family moved to olathe , kansas . mccray attended
was the son of hudson leverett , an attorney , and sarah ( payton ) leverett , ( and grandson of john leverett the governor of the massachusetts bay colony ) . he was educated at
graduated with a bachelor of arts in communication management from
served on preston hollow 's parent teachers association at that time . later , she and jenna attended the
, greg 's eccentric father . his philosophy for dealing with his wife , kitty , involves remaining as uninvolved as possible . head of montgomery industries ( though he keeps working only because he can see little tugboats out the window ) and at odds with dharma 's father , who calls him `` ed '' and whom he calls `` finkelstein . '' edward is a graduate of the
, born 1963 , is a fine artist based in stockholm , sweden . she began her career as a painter , but swiftly moved on to sculpture and installation after completing her studies at the
, gunther schuller , and craig kirchhoff . he earned his phd from the
attended
, llanfyllin , county montgomery . he attended rugby school and
( born march 14 , 1984 ) is an american football quarterback who played for the brussels bulls of the belgian football league ( bfl ) . he attended
with whom he had worked already in freiburg , to the department of germanic studies at the
grew up in indiana and florida . he received a b.a . in 1965 and an m.d . in 1969 , both from
was born in st. louis , missouri and received his undergraduate degree from the
( born 31 january 1983 ) is a bahamian athlete who specializes in the 400 metres . he was a member of the bahamian 4 x 400 metres relay team that finished 6th in the 2004 olympics . he went to college at
and studying under reginald marsh along with her friends , the painters paul cadmus and george tooker . acquaintances have described bridget during this time as `` striking '' , `` glamorous '' , and a `` long-stemmed beauty with large azure eyes and sumptuous black hair '' . she lived in an apartment at the plaza hotel and wore clothes by manhattan couturier hattie carnegie . it was around this time that the author anaïs nin wrote about her infatuation with bridget in her personal diary . bridget was at a party in the park avenue apartment of photographer george platt lynes , a friend who used her as a subject in his photographs , when she met lyne 's assistant , jonathan tichenor , in 1943. they started an affair in 1944 when her husband chisholm was away and working overseas for the us government , and she divorced chisholm on december 11 , 1944 and moved into an upper east side townhouse in manhattan that she shared with art patron peggy guggenheim . she married jonathan tichenor in 1945 , taking his last name as
and david armstrong . he completed his phd in 1981 at
, and cousin , thomas turpin crittenden , were both future generals for the union army . he graduated from the united states military academy in 1832 and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 4th u.s. infantry . he fought in the black hawk war of 1832 and resigned his commission the following year . he attended
( born 1 february 1950 ) is a visual artist known primarily for his photographic , video and multimedia works . he is considered one of the pioneers of post-modern staged photography and an innovator in video installation and interactivity . he received his ba in art from the
, his second wife , was graduated from the
is the ashkenazi chief rabbi of caracas , venezuela , starting in 1967. he received his bachelor of arts and rabbinic ordination from yeshiva university and his master 's degree from
in frankfurt the early skyscaper bienenkorbhaus ( beehive house ) . his church building st. wendel , frankfurt ( 1957 ) has been compared to le corbusier in terms of materials and flow of light . in 1962 he built the klaus-von-der-flüe friedenskirche in wörsdorf . in 1965 krahn created a variation on the interplay of stonemasonry , glass and concrete of st. wendel in st. martin , idstein . in 1966 he built st. sebastian in frankfurt . in 1973 he built the city-hochhaus in frankfurt , together with richard heil . among his last projects was in 1974 the design of st. aegidius in bonn-buschdorf , realized after his death by his son
had graduated from
went to the university of wisconsin -- madison , then the
was born in 1969 in sofia , bulgaria . he has earned master 's degrees in orchestral conducting , choir conducting , music theory and history , and music pedagogy from the national academy of music . he has also studied anthropology , theology , and computer science at the sofia university and psychology at the
is a screenwriter , fiction writer , and songwriter from los angeles . born in chicago , he attended
is a television writer-producer particularly associated with dc comics and walt disney television animation . he has had a hand in virtually every dc animated project since the waning years of the super friends , and continues to do so . burnett 's contributions for disney were largely a part of the 1990s disney afternoon , where he was attached to the disney 's adventures of the gummi bears and various projects set in the scrooge mcduck universe . because of his primary focus on televised animation , he has occasionally been involved in film projects related to a parent television program . he is a graduate of
, a yorkshire methodist , and was born in london . he attended
was born in nairobi , the daughter of timothy , a pilot , and joyce , a teacher . they moved to oman when she was two years old , and then bahrain three years later . she studied for her gcses at st. christopher 's school in isa town , bahrain . she was then offered an arts scholarship at
received an honorary doctor of humane letters from the
is a professor of psychology at the university of wisconsin -- madison . she specializes in psycholinguistics , focusing specifically on the relationship between language comprehension and production and the role of working memory . macdonald received a ph.d. from the
attended the
and yehudi menuhin . artists and musicians were regular lunch guests at the family home . he was educated at uppingham school and gained an honours degree in music at new college , oxford , where he was a choral scholar and was much influence by his tutor edward higginbotham . he continued his vocal studies at the
is a new zealand rugby player who plays for the crusaders in the super 14. he also plays for canterbury in the air new zealand cup . he attended
is an american real estate magnate . he resides in indianapolis , indiana . he was educated at the
in tustin , california , and moved onto the university of southern california . krumpholz 's father ,
( born in 1980 in sudbury , canada ) is a filmmaker and social justice activist . she is the director of two films , myths for profit ( 2009 ) and the carbon rush ( 2012 ) . miller is a producer/director with wide open exposure , the production company she founded . she attended
, a graduate in common law from the
received the following educational degrees and distinctions : ba ( hon . ) degree in 1944 from the government college , lahore , ma degree in english , and ma degree in philosophy ( gold medallist ) in 1948 , punjab , phd degree in philosophy in 1954 from the university of cambridge , uk , barrister-at-law , lincoln 's inn , london , in 1956. he has received honorary doctorates from
( born 1971 ) is an irish performance artist , living and working in dublin ( where she was born ) and berlin . she studied painting at
( born may 1 , 1966 in manhasset , new york ) is a retired american track athlete . he attended
authored the book the dangerous lives of altar boys , which depicted his life as a catholic schoolboy growing up in savannah and attending a local parochial school . fuhrman actually attended blessed sacrament school in savannah and graduated in 1974. he was also a graduate of the
, a graduate of
( born april 20 , 1957 ) is an american historian , author , and activist . she teaches at salem state college in massachusetts , where she is also the coordinator of the latin american studies program . she previously taught at
was born in wales in 1954 ; however , he grew up in northern england . he received a bachelor of science in geology from sheffield university and a phd from the
( pronounced mitchell ) , a miner , and his wife grace , née rowse and was born at maldon , victoria . his parents had migrated from devonshire in 1854. educated at first at maldon , he went to wesley college , melbourne , in 1877 , where he won the draper and walter powell scholarships . in 1881 he began the arts course at the
. immediately after graduation she married
, christian apologetic and president of the southern evangelical seminary , received a degree from detroit bible college in 1955. gary habermas , christian apologetic and professor at liberty university , received a degree from dbc in 1972 , eugene j. mayhew , professor of old testament and semitic languages , moody theological seminary , received a bred degree from detroit bible college . vincent p. messina , campus pastor of woodside bible church , graduated from detroit bible college in 1977. gilbert e. patterson ( 1939-2007 ) , late presiding bishop and chief apostle of the church of god in christ ( cogic ) , attended the detroit bible institute . mark d. powers , president , pulte homes connecticut , fortune 150 , received a degree from
, who took private shooting lessons from him early in 1940. after finishing his secondary education at the
( of the original law & order ) attended . march was a sophomore when harmon was a senior . she began performing in plays in high school . in 1996 she graduated from the school of speech ( now school of communication ) at
was born on january 9 , 1974 in las vegas , nevada . in 1979 , he moved with his family to newport beach , california . in 1988 , he moved to san clemente where he attended
was born in nes , in hedmark county , norway . he studied theology at the
was born on may 3 , 1941 in washington , d.c.. he received a b.a . and an m.a . in english from the university of notre dame in 1963 and 1967 , and an m.a . in theology in 1969. he was ordained as priest in 1970 , and he received a phd in christian ethics from
explained that he chose to play drums because he watched american jazz drummers of the 1960s on bbc tv on saturday evenings . these programmes turned the head of the thirteen-year-old bruford . he found all the instrumentalists to be fascinating and mysterious , but particularly the drummers . his sister then gave him his first pair of brushes as a present . he was educated at
( born 1957 ) is a poet and academic from botswana . he received his ba from the
( born january 2 , 1959 , purnea , bihar ) is a former indian cricketer who played in seven tests and 25 odis from 1980 to 1986. he attended
earned a phd in mechanical engineering in 1971 from
was born in new york city on october 28 , 1907. he was educated at
completed his mfa in cinematic arts at the
( 1919 -- 2005 ) . she was educated privately in manhattan at the
( december 29 , 1976 - ) is an american poet . born in dearborn , michigan , in 1976 , he was raised near leavenworth , kansas . he received his b.a . from kansas state university in 2000 , and his m.f.a . from
is a professor of environmental psychology at the graduate center of the city university of new york he received his ph.d. in psychology at the
, born 1955 in bradford on avon , wiltshire , is a british science fiction and fantasy-author . he holds a degree in modern english and american literature from the
attended
( born 1966 ) is an american film and television composer . as a young boy , frizzell sang soprano in the national cathedral choir , the paris opera company , and the metropolitan opera company . however , once he hit puberty , his voice changed . he continued his study of music at the
came from a line of notable pianists . his grandfather was friedrich rehberg , a distinguished pianist , and his father willy rehberg ( 1863 -- 1937 ) . walter studied under his father at
( 1880-1961 ) was born in aberdeen . he was a painter in oil and watercolour , an etcher and stained glass artist . after serving a six-year apprenticeship as a draughtsman with the lithographer robert gibb rsa ( 1845-1932 ) , he studied at gray 's school of art in aberdeen , at the
( born july 24 , 1958 , in bremerton , washington ) is a retired american professional basketball player . he attended the
was born in london and brought up on a kent farm . he was educated at
( lord thanet ) ( 1733 -- 1786 ) . he was the second son of sackville tufton , 7th earl of thanet . tufton received his early education at
fisher is the daughter of sam fisher and regan burns . sarah was born on an american air force base in germany on may 31 , 1985. shorty after her parents divorced , sarah 's mother , regan , had changed her surname back to burns . regan died from ovarian cancer when sarah was fifteen . throughout her childhood , sarah ( taking her mother 's surname ) encountered many tough times with her father , especially when he went on his missions . she was not always aware what kind of work her father did , but she knew it was government-related . during the events of the first novel , sarah was made aware of her father 's true job , and this helped her to understand that it was n't sam 's fault he was always away . in june 2003 , she graduated from
in san marcos in 1991 and a master 's degree in english from the university of texas in 1994. he currently runs two businesses in the graphic design field ,
. he studied at
was born in tulsa , oklahoma . in 1992 , cristo moved to phoenix , arizona with his family . he attended arcadia high school and graduated in 1998. he later attended
was born on october 21 , 1971 in vladikavkaz , russia . he received his high school diploma in 1988 from kiev physics mathematics high school # 145. in 1993 he graduated summa cum laude from moscow institute of physics and technology with masters in economics and computer science and in 1994 received his phd in applied mathematics from the
was born september 27 , 1958 in kansas city , kansas . she attended benedictine college in atchison before earning a b.s . in journalism at the university of kansas in 1981. beier later went on to obtain a j.d . at ku in 1985 and an ll.m. , at
worked for 20 years in advertising and public relations prior to her second career in teaching . she taught 6th grade language arts for four years at
( born december 4 , 1974 ) is a retired american professional basketball player whose international career spanned between 1994 -- 95 and 2006 -- 07. he is best known in the united states for his collegiate career at the
was inducted onto the hollywood walk of fame in 1980 as member of the jacksons and in 1984 as solo artist . throughout his career he received numerous honors and awards , including the world music awards ' best-selling pop male artist of the millennium , the american music award 's artist of the century award and the bambi pop artist of the millennium award . he was a double-inductee of the rock and roll hall of fame , once as a member of the jackson 5 in 1997 and later as a solo artist in 2001. jackson was also inducted in several other hall of fames , including vocal group hall of fame ( as the jackson 5 member ) in 1999 , songwriters hall of fame in 2002 and hit parade hall of fame ( with his brothers ) in 2009. in 2010 , jackson was inducted into the dance hall of fame as the first ( and currently only ) dancer from the world of pop and rock 'n ' roll . his awards include many guinness world records ( eight in 2006 alone ) , 13 grammy awards ( as well as the grammy legend award and the grammy lifetime achievement award ) , 26 american music awards ( 24 only as a solo artist , including the `` artist of the century '' , but not the poll of `` artist of the '80s '' ) -- more than any artist -- , 13 number one singles in the us in his solo career -- more than any other male artist in the hot 100 era -- and estimated sales of up to 750 million records worldwide , making him the world 's best selling male solo pop artist . on december 29 , 2009 , the american film institute recognized jackson 's passing as a `` moment of significance '' saying , `` michael jackson 's sudden death in june at age 50 was notable for the worldwide outpouring of grief and the unprecedented global eulogy of his posthumous concert rehearsal movie this is it . '' michael jackson also received a doctor of humane letters degree from the united negro college fund and also an honorary doctorate of humane letters from
was born and raised in traverse city , michigan . she earned her ba from wayne state university in detroit in 1969 , where she was a scholarship student , majored in foreign languages , and was elected to the phi beta kappa society . wells earned a masters of education at
. he graduated in 1661 from
studied at the university of bristol where he read ancient greek with archaeology and ancient history . he joined the british museum in 1978 , receiving his phd from the
the antiquarian . he entered
received an honorary doctorate from
, and a masters degree from macquarie university , and also attended the university of washington , in the united states of america . on 19 january 1991 , he married sally welch . they have two children , a daughter and a son . longley is an anglican . longley is a
studied design together at the
was born february 9 , 1918 to a mother rose originally from poland and father adolph from austria . he and his sisters sophie and stella grew up in the turtle bay neighborhood of the east side of new york city . as a young man george attended peter
( december 4 , 1937 -- june 12 , 2008 ) born in flint , michigan was a philanthropist who founded the stewart r. mott charitable trust . he was the son of charles stewart mott , and appeared on nixon 's enemies list for his support of liberal causes . he attended the
is the conductor of the wind symphony and regents professor of music at the university of north texas college of music . as director of wind studies he guides all aspects of the program , including the masters and doctoral degrees in wind conducting . mr. corporon is a graduate of
and received her bfa in 1973. deciding she did not have the skill to make it as a painter , boone moved to new york city to study art history at hunter college . after working as a secretary at the influential bykert gallery , she opened her own gallery in soho in 1977 to a positive reception . her first two artists , julian schnabel and david salle rapidly became popular in the neo-expressionism movement . while schnabel became a celebrity artist , boone was recognized as a new breed of dealer ; young and aggressive . boone was able to expand her gallery across the street in 1981 and , in 1982 , secured emerging artist eric fischl . boone had earned a reputation for hype and media frenzy around herself and her artists when she was featured on the cover of new york magazine that same year . the rising artist jean-michel basquiat joined the
, he also designed nott memorial hall at his alma mater ,
where he was a running back and defensive back under coach
graduated in philosophy from the
was born on may 4 , 1932 in bournemouth , england to john and sadie hayman . he was educated at st paul 's school in london and at
of flanchford reigate , a commissioner of the victualling office . he matriculated at
is the son of the ornithologist david lack ( 1910 -- 1973 ) . he was educated at the
graduated from the
. herbert doyan welch , jr. ( born january 12 , 1961 in los angeles , california ) is a former american football defensive back in the national football league for the new york giants , washington redskins , and the detroit lions . he started in super bowl xxi for the giants . welch played college football at the
( born 1947 , albany , ny ) is an american poet . he received a b.a . degree from
allegedly based a minor character on him in his novel next . he is a 1994 graduate of
was born in crawfordsville , indiana , in 1825. he graduated from wabash college in crawfordsville in 1842 at the age of seventeen . in 1845 , he graduated from
was born and raised in new haven , connecticut . his father , irwin schiff , is a prominent figure in the u.s. tax protester movement , currently serving a 13-year sentence for tax evasion . peter schiff attended
is an english actor and comedian , and a member of the comedy troupe the hollow men . he was educated at
was born at wayne county , west virginia . he was moved to ironton , lawrence county , ohio when he was three years old , where he graduated from
of larden hall , much wenlock . he was educated at
was born in 1947 and educated at dyffryn grammar school before winning a scholarship to
was the youngest son of the vicar of kaarma on the island of saaremaa . he developed an interested in estonian folklore and finnic languages at an early age . kallas assisted the folklorist jakob hurt in his epic collection of estonian folk poetry . in 1889 , he undertook his first trip to finland , which proved influential . kallas studied classical philology at the
( born august 18 , 1962 , in fort smith , arkansas ) is an american former professional basketball player , who had a brief career in the nba . he attended
initially attended
is an american sociologist who specializes in the study of marriage and family . he was the director of the population studies center at the university of michigan from 2004-2008. he received his bachelors degree from
was born and grew up in sydney , attending newington college ( 1930 -- 1935 ) , stanmore and the
. both jones and , later , jimi hendrix attended
, a student at the
( 1909 -- 1996 ) was a 20th century english physiologist who worked on membrane transport and ocular fluids . he attended university college school . he later studied at
. he also holds a master of music degree in composition from the indiana university
was born and raised in maine . he worked for thomas moser cabinetmakers before he started architecture school at the boston architectural center . after a year or so in architecture school , he enrolled at
and fritz cremer began their artistic careers in his studio . in 1931 , on the express recommendation of max liebermann , he received a scholarship from the
( november 11 , 1860 -- november 21 , 1955 ) was the 10th president of
( born 1947 ) is a south african sprinter who tied the 100-metre world record four times in 1968 with a time of 10.0 seconds . he attended
is an only child born to curt and kathleen `` kit '' kamo . he graduated from
is the son of late mohammad ashraf ( prominent leader of allama mashriqi 's khaksar tehrik ) . before joining the army , he attended
and anne mosley , daughter of oswald moseley of ancoats , ancestor of the politician sir oswald moseley . his father died young and his mother remarried the noted presbyterian preacher thomas case . he was educated at
was born in south wales and grew up near merthyr tydfil , where he was educated at tredegar grammar school . he continued his studies at
( 1952-2003 ) was his brother . he started his piano studies at age 5 , presenting his first public recital at 13. he studied at
( born july 11 , 1931 in turin ) is an italian theoretical physicist . he obtained a degree in physics from the
is a finnish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion . he received an individual gold medal at the
studied the viola with karen tuttle . she also studied at the
and susanna . she received a b.a from
was born in palestine in 1941 and emigrated to the u.s. in 1954. he attended
attended
from 1965 to 68 and did research with thomas l. perry md on the inborn error of metabolism homocysteinurea , including an article that was published in the lancet in 1968 . ( 1 ) she again taught nutrition at the university of british columbia in 1973-74. between 1975 and 1978 , she was a nutritionist with the health department of the government of british columbia in kelowna . between 1978 and 1981 she lived in india and nepal ; becoming vegetarian in 1978 and becoming vegan in 1993. she legally changed her name to
is the founder and director of the midwest young artists youth orchestra program based in highwood , illinois . he received his doctorate from
was born as helena louise lipp in st. louis , missouri on december 31 , 1917. her parents were albert lipp and augusta clemens . she was educated at
was an indian politician who served as the second governor of haryana . he attended kolkata 's
is currently president of burundi 's ruling party cndd-fdd 's youth wing of members aged 40 and under . he is also a member of parliament representing bujumbura rural where he chairs burundi 's parliament 's finance committee . prior to his current post nibigira was head of burundi 's customs as well as imports and exports , . during president pierre nkurunziza 's 2010 elections campaign , nibigira was a chief campaign manager . nibigira earned a bachelor of arts degree in business from
received a b.a . ( hons ) from the
was born in fort bridger in uinta county in the southwestern corner of wyoming to joseph g. micheli ( born 1927 ) and rebecca t. micheli ( born 1925 ) . in 1966 , he graduated from
( born 1974 ) is an english actor and singer . he trained at the
( 1557/155818 april 1636 ) was an english judge and politician who sat in the house of commons at various times between 1589 and 1622. caesar was born near tottenham in middlesex , the son of giulio cesare adelmare and his wife margery perient , daughter of george perient of shropshire and hertfordshire . his father was an italian physician to queen mary and queen elizabeth , descended by the female line from the dukes of cesarini . caesar was possibly educated at winchester college and matriculated at magdalen hall , oxford under date 10 january 1575 , aged 16 and was awarded ba on 17 may 1575 and ma on 18 february 1578. he then studied at the
( born january 29 , 1973 ) is an american film orchestrator and conductor . he received a bachelor 's degree in music composition from the
was born in cardinham in cornwall , where his father , also named john , was vicar of the parish . penrose was educated at
, who paid for his education at
was educated at
was born in new york city on august 19 , 1973. he lived the majority of his formal years in the soundview section of the bronx . he moved to maplewood , new jersey in 1984. he attended columbia high school . he then studied percussion at the
was born in dortmund in 1937. after attending grammar school and passing his a-levels he joined the society of jesus when he was twenty , and studied at the order 's own munich school of philosophy . his work experience in pedagogy took him back to north rhine-westphalia , before he studied theology at the
( august 15 , 1864 -- february 2 , 1956 ) was an american chemist born in germany . koch graduated from
received a bachelor of music degree in composition and theory from the
( september 6 , 1893 - april 26 , 1970 ) was a united states representative from new york . born in new paltz , ulster county , he graduated from the
( née kutty ) was born to madhavan kutty , a career diplomat in the indian foreign service and his wife santha . she studied at the american embassy international schools at prague in czechoslovakia , in berne , switzerland , and in colombo , sri lanka , where her father was posted . in 1977 she graduated with a bachelors degree in economics from the
. he obtained his education at
from the age of nine .
earned his bachelor 's degree in business from
( born february 18 , 1937 in minneapolis , minnesota ) was the 10th president of the the
was born in the konigsberg district of berlin , the son of communist reichstag deputy wilhelm koenen . he was selected as political head of the young communist league of germany . he studied engineering at the
is an american texas country/red dirt singer from carthage , texas . rhyder graduated from the
grew up in brisbane , australia . he attended
was born in 1945 in what was then northern rhodesia , where his father worked as a miner in the copper belt . he studied at
was born in dalby , queensland . he was the chairperson of fringe arts collective inc from 1994 to 2001 ; directed the brisbane writers fringe festival from 1993 to 1996 , and directed the subverse : queensland poetry festival from 1997 to 2001. in 2004 , he completed an m.phil ( creative writing ) at the
was born and raised in irmo , south carolina near the state capital of columbia . his father foy , the son of a baptist minister , was a successful cpa with a local practice and his mother joanne was a homemaker . tate attended
attended
( 1856 -- 1892 ) was an explorer and third son of colonel frederick romilly and elizabeth , daughter of william elliot , third earl of minto . he was born in london on 15 march 1856 , and , at first , educated at the rev . c. a. johns 's school at winchester , and then at repton . he entered
is an associate professor of theatre history at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign , with specialties in early american theatre , restoration theatre and eighteenth century cultural history . additionally he is an avid mountain climber and has scaled six of the seven summits , with only vinson massif in antarctica remaining . his research interests include the economic and social influences of theatre in addition to first amendment and censorship issues related to live performance . his articles and reviews are found in the leading theatre journals , including , theatre survey , theatre history studies , journal of american drama and theatre , modern drama , theatre research international , restoration & 18th century studies , journal of american history and theatre journal . he was a major contributor to the cambridge history of american theatre ( 1999 ) , winner of the barnard hewitt award from the american society for theatre research and the special jury award of the theatre library association . he also contributed major essays to the american stage , engle and miller , eds . ( cambridge ) , the cambridge guide to american theatre , wilmeth , ed . and inventing times square , taylor , ed . ( russell sage foundation ) . . he is also an award-winning stage director , actor and dramaturg , having worked with a number of major theatre companies in chicago including remy bumppo , defiant , strawdog , writer 's theatre , and steppenwolf . in 2007 , he performed in the original cast , as jeff perry 's understudy , of the world-premiere production of `` '' at the steppenwolf theatre . awards include the 2006 revival of gore vidal 's the best man with remy bumppo ( after dark award for best ensemble , jeff nomination for best ensemble ) and the philadelphia story ( 2008 jeff nomination for best production ) , also with remy bumppo . he served as the resident dramaturg at remy bumppo theatre company from 2004 to 2008 , and was the dramaturg for sonia flew at steppenwolf in 2006 and for the turn of the screw at writer 's theatre in 2007. as a director , he has worked on dozens of productions , winning both regional and national awards from the american college theatre festival . in 1985 , his production of excursion fare was performed at the kennedy center in washington d.c. as the actf recipient of best original play . he also won the actf 's best director of the year award from region ix . he is a member of actors `` equity association , literary managers and dramaturgs association , and the society for stage directors and choreographers . he is also one of the co-founders of brandzoo , which was featured in an article on business wire in october 2000. peter a. davis has attended attended bowdoin college , where he received m.a . in drama ( directing ) in 1977. he earned his phd in communication from the
was born to roman catholic parents in sumatra , indonesia . she attended school in penang , malaysia , taking lessons in piano and violin . later , she attended
was born and brought up in portishead , somerset , the eldest son in the large family of frederick weatherly ( 1820 -- 1910 ) , a medical doctor , and his wife , julia maria , née ford ( 1823 -- 98 ) . he was educated at
( born 1976 ) is a russian bass opera singer . he began his music education at age 7 , starting with the piano and the clarinet . from 1994 to 1995 he was a student at the
( ) is the president of siam university and the president emeritus of the international association of university presidents . concurrently , he is also the chair person of the advisory board of the association of universities in asia and the pacific as well as a member of the administrative board of the international association of universities . he is also a former president of the association of private higher education institutions of thailand and former president of the thailand chapter of phi delta kappa honors society . he is the recipient of numerous honors including : the medals of honors of the international association of university presidents , the medal of honors from kyung hee university and soka university . he was the recipient of doctor of educational management honoris causa from angeles university foundation and doctor of management honoris causa from philippine women 's university . he received distinguished alumni award from
is an american attorney , director , and treasurer . paul graduated from
, the first african-american basketball player at the
( born 26 october 1984 ) is an australian born singer , songwriter and actor from rhodes , sydney . she began singing and dancing at the age of two at the johnny young talent school . she had roles on australian television including water rats , g.p . and home and away . she won several talent quests including the mcdonald 's performing arts challenge . in 2000 , she sang with the australian girls choir and paulini for the qantas campaign cd , the spirit of australia . she was understudy to nikki webster as dorothy in a 2000/2001 stage performance of the wizard of oz and was cast as the 'little girl ' in the 2001 production of the witches of eastwick ( musical ) in melbourne . she attended the
( born august 30 , 1975 in clarksville , tennessee ) is a former american football linebacker . merkerson attended
holds masters degrees in philosophy and theology from the
was educated both at the
was born january 6 , 1950 in ventura , california . he attended
, chancellor of the diocese of chester , and the grandson of thomas raikes , a merchant and banker in london , who was governor of the bank of england and a personal friend of prime minister william pitt the younger . he was educated at
is an vietnamese-american author . she was born and raised in orange county , california . she received her mfa from the
, born as jackson noble wright on december 27 , 1989 , is a student at the
( 1919-2002 ) , a presbyterian pastor and theologian , was an alumnus of
is a children 's book author . he was born in great neck , new york . he moved to the city to attend
, ( november 15 , 1862 - october 7 , 1913 ) , youngest of the twelve children of hon . william maxwell evarts and helen minerva ( wardner ) evarts . he was fitted for college at st. paul 's school , concord , new hampshire . he graduated from
is an american poet , born in boise , idaho . he is best known for his eclectic poetry , ranging from new york school inspired experiments to formal verse and narrative poems . he received his m.f.a . and ph . d. from
( 17.34 m ) , ajayi agbebaku ( 17.26 m ) and khotso mokoena ( 17.25 m ) . http : //www.gbrathletics.net/cm99.htm he also received a doctorate degree from
and his wife katherine , née mcmahon , and attended lawrenceville school , founding and editing the lawrenceville literary magazine , known as the lit . he attended
, who later gained renown as tiger woods ' swing coach after woods and butch harmon split in 2002. under haney 's tutelage he won back-to-back texas high school golf championships , an achievement shared with justin leonard , ben crenshaw and tom kite . at college , he enrolled at
is a collegiate basketball player at the
studied finance bs at the
, sent extracts to influential clerics . symmons protested , but decided to take his degree from the
, who in later years he would hire to write the book for guys and dolls . having no interest in mathematics , science , or sports , he dropped out of school and found work as a trumpeter on a political campaign truck . he later studied at the
near leeds , an education that normally would not have been available to the son of a factory worker . at the age of 16 , he enlisted in the british army 's 68th ( durham ) regiment of foot serving in the crimea , burma and new zealand during the second taranaki war ( 1863 -- 66 ) . during this last deployment , he fought in the battle of gate pa , which resulted in major losses for the british . he later claimed that he filed reports on the new zealand war for the manchester guardian . after his discharge from the army in 1866 , he went to melbourne australia where he changed his name to
) .
the former governor of the central bank of ceylon and amybelle millicent jayawardena ; he was educated at the prestigious royal college colombo , were he was contemporaries of gamini seneviratne and chris pinto jayawardena graduated from king 's college , cambridge in economic tripos and went on to gain his phd from the
. she was born in detroit , and currently lives in westchester county , new york . she has also taught at
attended
. musto was born in brooklyn to an italian american family . he attended
( born 27 july 1962 ) received her ba ( hons ) in art photography from the
, the shah of iran attended
, switzerland and the clare college , cambridge from where he graduated in history . at le rosey , his closest friend was
architecture program in 1906. he then attended ecole des beaux-arts in paris from 1908 until 1911. he moved back to oakland and began practicing architecture in san francisco and oakland . he designed houses , banks , theatres , hotels , schools , and commercial buildings . he married
is a british writer , editor and game developer , born 14 november 1958 in iran . he grew up in brighton where he met co-author mark smith at school at brighton college . he graduated from the
graduate student
