 is an Irish-born political scientist at George Washington University. He previously taught at the 
. Eaton trained countless hopefuls at the 
 under head coach, 
 and René Edward De Russy. Lewis was also a graduate of the 
 was born on August 11, 1931 at Accra, the capital of Ghana. He obtained his basic education at 
, a cognitive anthropologists who did extensive linguistic and ethnoecological research in Southeast Asia. In his 1954 dissertation ``The Relation of the Hanunoo Culture of the Plant World'' he coined the term ethnoecology when he described his approach as ``ethnoecological''. After earning his PhD he began teaching at 
, was an aspiring poet and student at 
 subpoenaed 
 won the State Champion that year. He then transferred back to Kentwood High School his junior year where he was moved to forward and led the team in scoring as it finished fourth in the state tournament. After graduating from high school in 1987, he entered the 
 (born June 5, 1986) is an ice hockey defenceman who played for Denmark at the 
 are given pride of place in the Eton manuscript. It seems that in the examples given above that Cornysh may have been emulating Browne (his own 
 obtained a B.A. from 
 played piano in grammar school and trumpet in high school. He went to college at the 
 taught at the 
 (where he was a 
 (b. 1945, Baton Rouge, LA) joined the Department of Mathematics at Cornell University in 1985. He was previously at the 
 (6 February 1920 -- 1 November 2002) was a Brazilian sociologist. In his work, Pinto specialised on race relations in Brazil. He was one of the authors of the landmark UNESCO statement The Race Question, in 1950. Pinto taught at the 
, Los Angeles. While still at university, he had a contract with Almo Irving and wrote songs for Carly Simon, the T.V. show Fame, and co-wrote with David Lasley, Jerry Knight and Steve Cropper. In 1983, he began studying with his cousin George Bassman (who orchestrated The Wizard of Oz and wrote the music for the films Marty and The Postman Always Rings Twice). Bassman had also penned the Tommy Dorsey Classic, ``Getting Sentimental Over You'', was the musical arranger for Lena Horne and Benny Goodman and orchestrated for Andre Kostelanetz. In the 1980s, Zigman began to make a name for himself as a studio musician and wrote a big hit in pop music called ``Crush On You'' which was a top chart record for The Jets. He then worked for Clive Davis and produced and arranged for Aretha Franklin and Natalie Cole. During this time he wrote, arranged and produced songs for many of the top singers and artists in the industry such as Ray Charles, Sting, Phil Collins, Dionne Warwick, Boz Skaggs, Tina Turner, Seal, Carly Simon, the Pointer Sisters, Huey Lewis, Jennifer Holliday, Patti LaBelle, Chicago, Natalie Cole and Christina Aguilera. In the 1990'ss he entered the film industry, with his work being featured on film soundtracks for Mulan, What's Love Got to Do With It?, The Birdcage, Licence to Kill, Caddyshack and Pocahontas. 
, where he read Classics and Moral Sciences. He became a Fellow of Trinity in 1898, and went on to hold the University of Cambridge chair of mental philosophy and logic, from 1925 to 1939. He was the brother of the writer and engraver 
 graduate student 
topher Douglas Estes (born June 8, 1971) is a former King Diamond bass player (1994-1999). Originally from Dodge City, Kansas, Chris moved to Denton Texas in 1991 to attend the 
 (December 2, 1946 -- August 21, 1999) was a poet and professor of English at 
 (née Katherine Prue Reding) (Kansas, 1897-1982) was a Spanish literature professor at 
, Alexander Hegius, Anton Liber of Soest, Count Maurice von Spielenberg, and Ludwig Dringenberg. However, the Catholic Encyclopedia disputes this. In 1456 he entered the 
 in 1953, his advisor was 
 , a graduate of 
's father, Theodore Friend, was president of Swarthmore College. Tad Friend is a graduate of 
 has lectured about animation around the world and has taught animation and animation history at UCLA Film School, The American Film Institute, Woodbury College, Santa Monica College. He is currently an instructor at the 
 and then King's College London before gaining his MD (winning the gold medal) and then becoming a demonstrator in bacteriology and lecturer in infectious diseases at King's. In 1900 he became Medical Officer to the Borough of Finsbury in inner London and rural county of Bedfordshire in England. His experiences in these posts led him to publish Infant Mortality: a Social Problem in 1906. This has remained a medical classic, pointing out the unchanged infant mortality rate over the preceding 50 years, and identifying the causes and areas potentially open to intervention. In 1907 he became the 
 is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Singapore Management University. He also holds an honorary doctorate (DUniv) from 
. Hollick was paid about $100,000 for his voice acting and motion-capture work over the course of about 15 months from 2006 to 2007. Hollick was paid about $1,050 a day for his work on the game, about 50% more than the standard Screen Actors Guild-negotiated rate for actors, although he claimed it was still a fraction of the income he would get from a film or TV-show performance, and that he was upset about not getting residuals from game sales, putting the blame on the union for not securing such agreements. Hollick told The New York Times that while he was a theater student at 
 (born October 3, 1955 in New Orleans, Louisiana) was a football player in the CFL for seven years. Parker played defensive back for the British Columbia Lions and Toronto Argonauts from 1980-1987. Parker also played part of two seasons in the National Football League. He played college football at 
 in Croydon and then 
 of Matthew G. Colman, Caitlin Whoriskey (Born February 19, 1988 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American professional tennis player. She played collegiately at the 
. While a student he founded The Paumalu Symphony, now known as Kimotion. In 1976 he met his music partner and future wife 
 is the elder child of Mark Bradley, the head professional at the Jackson Hole Golf and Tennis Club just outside Jackson, Wyoming. Growing up as an all-state ski racer in Woodstock, Vermont, Bradley decided as a teenager to pursue golf over skiing. He moved to Hopkinton, Massachusetts prior to his senior year at 
 a Southerner who was a United States cartography officer . Maury who decided to join the Confederacy had left the work unpaid for in New York. He matriculated at 
, and a daughter Fleur. Frank, who died in 1982, was a research chemist with CSR in Sydney and produced a number of patents for the industry; Mark obtained a PhD in Chemistry from 
 is an amateur basketball guard from Cape Verde. Sanches plays for the basketball side of Seven Stars. He played with Cape Verde at the 
 briefly made Squirrel Hill her home from 1901 to 1906. Residing on Murray Hill Avenue, Cather was the telegraph (wire desk) editor and drama critic for the newspaper, Pittsburgh Leader. She taught at 
 and Jonathan. Rebecca is a student at 
 is a Pakistani agricultural scientist and a professor of Horticulture at the University of Agriculture, Faisalabad. He earned his Ph.D. from the 
, located in West Lafayette, Indiana. He played basketball under head coach George King in his sophomore season. Playing under 
 taught at the 
's advice to the young James Laughlin, then a 
 but he did not show great potential at cricket there. His cousin Peter Foster played for Oxford and Kent, while another cousin (Christopher Foster) and his father 
 (born 1935 in Austin, Texas) is an American portrait artist. He was the Art Director for the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association c.a. 1955-1970. He founded the Portrait Institute. Sanden was an instructor at The 
 (now the Art Lyceum named after 
 in Maryland, Baltimore, and Mount St. Mary's College, Emmitsburg, Maryland. After working in the dry goods business and as a clerk in the transportation department of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company, he joined the Confederate army at the beginning of the Civil War. He was captured in October 1864 and held as a prisoner at Point Lookout until the close of the war. In February 1866, he founded the ``Kernan Enterprises,'' a combination hotel and Rathskeller connected to the Maryland Theater and Auditorium Theater. During his lifetime he founded a hospital now known as the 
 (born 1951) is an American composer, author, and music educator. Currently, she is Dean of Academic Affairs at the Manhattan School of Music, where she is also a member of the composition faculty. She previously taught at 
 (March 1, 1924--August 3, 1993) was a Chilean writer, known since her earliest writings for the subversive nature of her texts. She first wrote La Brecha (``Breakthrough'') in 1961, which is considered to be the first feminist Latin-American novel. This novel caused dismay from the reactionary segment of society and loud applause from the critics and is considered a revolutionary departure from the traditional treatment of the feminine role in marriage. ``Breakthrough'' is a novel that ends with the heroine awareness that she didn't really need to depend upon a man in order to lead a fulfilling life. The book enjoyed an unexpected publishing success and went through five consecutive editions. Mercedes Valdivieso had the extreme audacity to become an innovator; she bridged the gap between romantic and domestic fiction in a society where women have been viewed as a sexless gender, icons of virtue, and depending on men to meet the necessities of life. Valdivieso also was founder and director of ``Adan'' a Men's Magazine, she published articles in newspapers and magazines and she gave many lectures and speeches. She taught literature at the University of Peking, at the 
 is a journalism instructor at 
 became the city's youngest mayor ever. Garcia was a lifelong Coachella resident and a 1995 graduate of 
 earned a basketball scholarship at the 
 (c. 1773 -- January 1837), an English architect, surveyor and artist, was born c.1773, presumably in London, England. He was the nephew and pupil of Nathaniel Wright, a London carpenter and surveyor, and entered the Royal 
. In 1938 she travelled to Bonn on a scholarship to undertake doctoral studies in German literature. She was there when Kristallnacht occurred, however, she left soon after with the increasing threat of war. She met Manning Clark in Oxford, marrying him there on 31 January 1939, and they ultimately had 6 children. She taught at 
 earned his BA in Psychology (1994) from 
. At Penn, her doctoral advisor was 
, Landis Gores, Philip Johnson and Eliot Noyes. Marcel Breuer was an instructor at the 
 is a graduate of 
, a graduate of 
 and conducted research on how people communicate about AIDS in their everyday life. Currently 
 (January 11, 1988) is basketball player for the 
, a member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong. His personal website was launched on 25 April 2008. He is a graduate of 
, is an attractive 
, Christopher Fry, Wilde, and Shakespeare. He did his studies at the 
 is an American basketball player from Paterson, New Jersey, who was the 7th draft pick in the 2008 WNBA draft. Carson played at 
 and Dennis Tate teach basketball and coach for the basketball program at 
, Stanislaus in 1980. In 1981, 
. He appears in the novels Ender's Game, Ender's Shadow, Shadow of the Hegemon, Shadow Puppets and Shadow of the Giant. He is a 
, the slave trade abolitionist who lived at Playford Hall. Clarkson had an MA in mathematics from Cambridge, and examined Airy in classics and then subsequently arranged for him to be examined by a Fellow from 
 is a gray-haired student at 
 was selected by Lord Curzon to act as superintendent of works in the Imperial 
 played piano in grammar school and trumpet in high school. He went to college at the University of Mississippi for a while, then enlisted in the U.S. Army for two years. Fresh out of the Army, he enrolled at 
 also plays an important educational role in Australian photography. She taught history of photography at Melbourne's 
 (born January 26, 1971 in Detroit, Michigan) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. He played college football at 
 is a professor at Grinnell College. Her courses focus on cinema studies, literary and film theory, and gender studies. Her research interests include film history and aesthetics, popular media, queer theory, cultural studies, and postmodernism. She has published in the journals Senses of Cinema, Rhizomes, and Biography, and has chapters in such scholarly anthologies as Gender After Lyotard and East Asian Cinemas: Exploring Transnational Connections on Film. Her current project examines the subversive possibilities of contemporary genre film and television. Geller earned her B.A. in English and Women's Studies at the 
 (born April 11, 1950 in Hopkins, South Carolina) is a former professional American football cornerback for eight seasons in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints, Atlanta Falcons, and the Detroit Lions. He played college football at 
 was made a 
. At the 2011 IIHF Women's World Championship, 
 undertook at Masters in Environmental and Local Government Law (through Macquarie University). Her interests and concerns moved to biocultural diversity, indigenous intellectual property, and traditional ecological knowledge, and as such, by 1997, she had moved on and taken up a position with the United Nations Secretariat for the 
, a poet, critic and fellow professor at the English Department. Like Scott, he is also a graduate of 
 at the 
 (born March 8, 1976) is a Swedish orienteering competitor living in Stockholm. Formerly competing for OK Linné in Uppsala, Annika moved to Stockholm and switched to IFK Lidingö in the winter of 2007. She earned a silver medal in the relay at the 2007 
 is a writer, journalist, researcher and activist, born to an Iraqi mother and Lebanese father, who were both communist militants. She was one of the leaders of the Organization of Communist Action of Lebanon and a participant in the Lebanese Communist Party. She is also a columnist at Al Hayat pan Arabic newspaper, which is published in London. She taught at the 
 who was also a graduate of it; but he was not well liked by his students or the people of Massachusetts, in part because of his radical religious views. The facts of his time in office remain obscure. 
 that he acquired as a teenager, before he began his studies at the 
 student 
, Oxford, where he was a 
 or simply Masters were single-elimination tournaments open to the most accomplished players only. These tournaments awarded cash prizes upon entrance and were held at several each season. The first predecessor to the Masters Series, named Team Challenge, was held at the 2000 Pro Tour New York. In the following seasons Masters were held at four different Pro Tours each season. The last Masters was held at Pro Tour Yokohama. 
's next major aim is to make it into the squad for this years world championships, as well as continuing with his studies at 
 signed his first contract with Grêmio in June 2003. He renewed his contract on 1 January 2006. He also played for the under-20 team at 2006 
 (1976) is an All-American graduate of 
, Smell the Roses. He also participated in marching band throughout high school. During high school at 
 is a professor of management science at the Fisher College of Business at the 
. After he married, he went to study at a 
 in Ohio at Wittenberg's 1977 commencement ceremony. He was the president of the Ohio Communication Association from 1950-51 and the Executive Director of the Central States Communication Association from 1950 to 1953. Wooster has honored Drushal by creating the 
, a student at 
. However, the school did not allow Young to be released from his signed National Letter of Intent; his family stated Young ``would never play at Providence.'' Young later enrolled in the 
 in Atlanta, GA where she majored in Graphic Design. Melba also pursued a career as a fine artist, performance artist and playwright. Melba later moved to Los Angeles, CA where she created and developed her stage persona now known as ``
 (March 2, 1928 - February 18, 2007), was a pioneer in evolutionary computation and human factors analysis. He is known as the father of evolutionary programming. Born in Brooklyn, New York, he earned his B.E.E. from New York University in 1948, M.S. from Rutgers University in 1952 and Ph.D. from 
 is a Ghanaian-American professor of bioengineering at Stanford University. He previously taught at the 
 who played his college ball at 
. There he served as a messenger in the office of Judge C. R. Faulkner, director of the pension office. In September 1887, he enrolled at 
 is an instructor of economics at the 
 is an instructor and research assistant in crop science and soil science at 
 at Los Angeles (UCLA). But it was his grandfather, Lew Wasserman, head of MCA, whom he claims to be his greatest teacher. The two would have breakfast together every Saturday and Sunday from the time when Casey was a child to the elder Wasserman's death in 2002. The younger Wasserman was quoted as saying, ``He was my most valuable resource in terms of information. In broad terms he knew what he wanted to do and I followed in his footsteps.'' After graduation from UCLA, 

 (born 1971, Wheaton, Illinois) is an American film-maker known for directing 9, which is based on his 2005 Academy Award-nominated film, 9. He is a graduate of the 
 was born in London and began playing guitar as a child, first playing with the band The Juniors with The Rolling Stones' guitarist Mick Taylor and Jethro Tull bassist John Glascock and then with Chris Farlowe's Thunderbirds. He later completed classical guitar and lute studies at the 
, a working-class, quick-witted 
, a working-class, quick-witted 
 is the United States national coach for Men's Foil Fencing for the 2012 Olympics in London and was the Egyptian national coach for men's foil for the 2004 Olympics in Athens. He resides in Houston, Texas, and owns the Salle Mauro Fencing Academy in Houston, which is part of the USFA's Gulf Coast division. Hamza is the fencing instructor at 
 during the 2010-11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Keydets were coached by 
, Magdalen College, Oxford, St. Antony's College, Oxford, and at the University of California, Berkeley. His father was Hilary Marquand, also an academic and former Labour MP, and his younger brother was the film maker 
 at the 
 and at 
 and Alexander Goehr, and completed an MMus in composition at the 
 is the head coach of the 
 (born 1955) is an Irish American poet, author of five books, most recently, Inch Aeons (Les Figues Press, 2006). Her first book, Whale on the Line, won the Patrick Kavanagh Poetry Award in 1980. She has published poems in literary journals and magazines including The American Poetry Review, Mid-American Review and Seneca Review. Until 2011, she was an Associate Professor in the English Department at Cleveland State University. During the 1990s, she briefly served as the director of Cleveland State University Poetry Center. She has taught literature and edited the Midland Review at Oklahoma State University. She has also taught at 
 taught at the 
 and Cornelia Grinnell Willis. At the age of thirteen he was taken to England and Germany for four years of schooling. and thus acquired fluency in German at a time when many scientific texts were only available in that language. He entered 
 also worked for the FBI, the US Department of Justice and for Rep. Bob Riley (R-AL), the former governor of Alabama, and Rep. Bill McCollum (R-FL) on Capitol Hill. She was a high school English teacher at 
 (born 1963) was an American cross country skier who competed from 1988 to 1995. Competing in three Winter Olympics, she earned her best finish of eighth in the 4 x 5 km relay at 
, and helped him survey a railroad. Lander was to become ``one the ablest surveyors of the exploration of the West,'' according to Charles Edgar Ames in Pioneering the Union Pacific. Lander was impressed with Dodge and encouraged him to go to his alma mater, 
, who died in 1976. He trained for the stage at the 
 is remembered as one of the St.George Dragon's most famous players from the 1970's. He was a member of premiership winning teams in 1977 and 1979. He ended his playing career at the 
, Lane was a prep star at the University School of Milwaukee, and grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Drafted by the Calgary Flames, MacDonald chose to attend 
