 was educated at 
 studied Recording Arts at 
 was the former bassist and co-lead vocalist for the Mukilteo, Washington based prog-rock band The Fall of Troy. He attended 
 was educated at the Princess Alexandra School, Elphinstone College, where she read Politics for her BA, the Sophia Polytechnic, Bombay, where she took a diploma in Social Communications Media, and the 
 attended 
 studied at 
 was born November 8, 1984 in Cincinnati, Ohio she attended 
 was born and raised in Israel. He was educated at the 
 performed in several bands and eventually made the decision that he wanted to pursue a career in music. He attended the 
 began acting as a child, and has had five years of acting school. His early credits include voicing animated characters that his father produced for Sesame Street, Mr. Whipple's stock boy ``Jimmy'' in a Charmin commercial, a helper in the special effects of Star Wars, and a drowning young man saved by a lifeguard in the 1985 Billy Joel music video ``You're Only Human (Second Wind).'' He attended 
 (born 1927) is a Swaziland chemist. The Vice-Chancellor of the University of Swaziland from 1988 to 2003, she attended the 
 (born 1949, in Memphis, Tennessee) is the executive director of the Global Crop Diversity Trust, based in Rome, Italy. Previously, Fowler was Professor and Director of Research in the Department for International Environment & Development Studies at the Norwegian University of Life Sciences in Ås, Norway. Fowler holds a B.A. (Hon.) degree from 
 Cordova) was born to Victor Manuel O'Ferrall Sr., from Santurce and Blanca Rose Cordova, a nurse from the town of Yabucoa. His parents moved to the United States from Puerto Rico in search for a better way of life and lived in New York City where O'Ferrall was born. When he was 5 years old, he was sent to live with his grandmother in Puerto Rico where he received his primary and secondary education. In the 1960s O'Ferrall's mother returned to Puerto Rico upon the death of his grandmother. He was enrolled at Dr. Jose M. Lazaro High School in Carolina, Puerto Rico, where he excelled in sports. In 1972, he was asked by the Puerto Rican Olympic Committee to represent Puerto Rico in the Munich Olympics in the track and field events, however he was later substituted by the more experienced Luis Alers. After he graduated from high school in 1973, he enrolled in the 
 is an American composer who lives and works in the San Francisco Bay area. She graduated with a Bachelor of Music degree from the 
 attended 
 was born in Sydney and received his BA in Medieval Studies from the University of Sydney in 1997. After serving as a Lay Vicar in the choir of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, he studied early music vocal performance at the 
 was born in Luton. He graduated from 
 was born on 16 March 1943, in Datchet, near Slough, Buckinghamshire, England. He was educated at 
 was born in New York, New York in 1952, and grew up in Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from New York University with a bachelor's degree of arts in math and economics in 1972. He then was admitted to the New York University Medical Scientist Training Program where he received both his doctor of medicine and his doctorate in economics in 1979. In 1982 he completed his residency at 
 (August 23, 1812--February 10, 1892) was a professor of natural science at Miami University and the College of Wooster who served as president pro tem of Miami University in 1854. He was born in Lisle, New York, and received his A.B. degree from Union College 1834. He earned M.A. and LL.D. degrees at 
 attended the village school in Heimtali (today Pärsti parish) and the parish schools in Paistu and Viljandi. Later he attended the 
 was born and raised in Sion Mills, near Strabane in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. She studied English at 
 is a Sri Lankan science graduate who was crowned as Miss Universe Sri-Lanka at the premier beauty pageant held on March 31, 1996, in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Shivanthini migrated to the UK in 1976 with her family and has had the opportunity to experience cultures of both the East and West. During her time in Sri Lanka she attended Ladies College in Colombo and in the UK, 
 started his career in the 1950s, when he produced his first plays in Addis Ababa. During the early 1960s, he studied at 
 (1876-1950), OBE (1919) KBE (1930) CMG (1921), was born on the 24 February 1876 in Barnstaple, Devon, England. He was educated at 
 is a former professional footballer who played for the Rochester Rhinos among other teams. He graduated from 
 received her BFA in photography from the 
 (12 February 1935 -- ) is a writer of stories and essays. He was raised in Southern California. He received his Bachelor's in Animal Husbandry from 
 began his education at Mass Bay Community College, where he received a distinguished alumni award in 2011. He continued on to Worcester State College, graduating with a Bachelor of Science in 1983 and then to 
. Cornell University physicist Sidney Krasik served as the first technical director and Frank Cotter was the first marketing director. Born in 1914, Simpson graduated from the 
 (born on December 21, 1971) is an American stage and television actor. His hometown is Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He moved to New York City in 1996 as he began his professional career and educational company. He graduated from the 
 was born on 6 April 1982 in Skipton, Victoria, a small country town in Australia. In 1992, he and his family moved to Sydney, where he attended 
 was born January 28, 1921 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He graduated from 
. He matriculated in 1758, and obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1762, and Bachelor of Divinity degree in 1772. E. G. Hardy, in his history of the college (1899) records a ``
 was born in 1986 and both his parents are music teachers. He attended 
 (born January 21, 1938, in Linz) is an Austrian Egyptologist and Coptologist. He studied Egyptology, Arabic Philology and African Languages at the University of Vienna and, for 1 year, at 
 was born in 1897 and raised on a farm near Hastings, Nebraska. He obtained a B.A. degree in 1922 from Hastings College, with majors in English and American History and received his M.A. in 1924 in Education and Speech at the 
 (born 4 January 1940) is a British journalist. He was educated at 
 was born in New Jersey in 1987 and lived in New York. She lived as a child in Manhattan, Beverly Hills, and Las Vegas, and was homeschooled. She attended 
 (born May 19, 1968) is an American jazz musician. He studied film at the 
 graduated from Enloe High School in Raleigh, North Carolina. He also attended 
, attended 
 is a visual artist, born in Copenhagen, Denmark. He studied painting and printmaking at the Athens School of Fine Arts, Greece. He holds a Master of Science in Engineering from the 
 was born in Essex in 1591. He first studied at 
, and Sophia (May) Tuckerman. He studied at 
 received his Bachelor of Arts from the 
 (10 June 1984 - ) is a New Zealand-born cricketer and current captain of the Oxford University cricket team. Both a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler, Sharma attended 
's father is also named Bartle Bull (born 1939). The elder Bartle Bull, an American of British ancestry, is both an attorney and a novelist. He graduated A.B. from 
 grew up in Marin County, California. He attended the 
 (January 12, 1920 - June 28, 2005) was a U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) scientist and a pioneer in geochemistry. Born in New York City, New York, he obtained a B.S. degree in chemistry from 
 (born 1919) is an American attorney and former President of the American Bar Association. A specialist in Estate planning, Brink graduated from the 
 is an artist, writer and event organiser. He was born in London in 1973. He completed a foundation course at Camberwell School of Art in 1991. He then studied printmaking at 
 studied at the 
 is the technical director of the Turks and Caicos Islands Football Association since replacing Paul Crosbie in 2004. Green graduated from the 
 (born September 11, 1967 in Santa Rosa, California) is a former competitive swimmer from the United States who won three Olympic medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California: a gold medal in the 4x100m freestyle relay, a gold medal in the 4x100 medley relay, and a silver medal in the 100m butterfly. She attended and swam for Ursuline High School in Santa Rosa her freshman and sophomore years. She is an alumnus of 
 was born in Harrison, New York. He received his B.A. in 1934 from 
, later became a professor of physics at Haverford College and an amateur historian and naturalist. The William Otis Sawtelle Archives and Research Center at Acadia National Park houses his collection among many others. William E. Walz, the Dean of the University of Maine Law School, then in Bangor, was fired by the trustees in 1918 because ``his lectures were tinged with Pro-Germanism''. He was formerly professor of history at the Imperial College in Tokyo (now Tokyo University), and received the Order of the Rising Sun from the Japanese government. 
 attended 
 is a British novelist, biographer and critic. He was educated at 
 in 1735, obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1739 and a Master of Arts degree in 1742. He was ordained and became master of the Friars School, in Bangor, as well as serving as vicar of Bangor, rector of the Caernarfonshire parish of Llandwrog and (from 1763) the rector of Llanfachraeth. He died in 1783. One of his grandsons was the priest and academic 
 studied History of Ideas (``Idehistorie'') at 
 (born 1968 in Wanstead, London) is an English actor, who received his big break when he starred in Casualty for three years (1994 to 1997) as receptionist Matt Hawley. He was educated at 
, Hamilton Fish, Jr., or ``Ham'') is a publisher, social entrepreneur, environmental advocate, and film producer in New York City. He was born in Washington, D.C. to Hamilton and Julia MacKenzie Fish. He attended schools in New York City and Massachusetts, where he graduated from 
 (May 9, 1909 -December 29, 2004) was an Italian philosopher and Renaissance historian. He was recognised as an authority on the cultural history of the Renaissance. Born at Rieti, Garin studied philosophy at the 
 was born at Walesby Rectory, Lincolnshire, England, and educated in Lincoln and at 
 (born November 4, 1943 in Cleveland, Ohio), is a retired American professional tennis player, originally from Cleveland, Ohio, who won a number of championships. He graduated from 
 is an American journalist and author. He was the resident music critic at Entertainment Weekly between 1990 and 2006. He was an editor at Music & Sound Output magazine and a music critic at the New York Daily News before EW. He has written articles for a variety of publications including: the New York Times, Rolling Stone, Spin, New Republic and Time. He has written four books: (HarperCollins, 2001) a dual father/son biography of musicians Jeff Buckley and Tim Buckley; (Bloomsbury, 2004), a history of extreme sports; and (Da Capo, 2008). His latest book is ``,'' which was published by Da Capo in June 2011. The book tells the story of four iconic artists and their four landmark albums of that year (Let It Be, Bridge Over Troubled Water, Sweet Baby James, and Deja vu) and how their lives and music reflected and shaped the transition from one era to another. Browne was born and raised in New Jersey and attended 
 was born to James Tillman Kilgo and Catherine Mason Kilgo on July 22, 1861 in Laurens, South Carolina. His father was a circuit preacher in the Methodist Episcopal Church, South. Kilgo attended 
 (born March 18, 1955) is an Irish radio broadcaster and news reporter. He is currently Chairman of the Irish Government's science awareness programme, Discover Science & Engineering. He is a member of the Board of Governors of the School of Cosmic Physicsat the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies. Leo Enright was born in London, but considers Dublin his home town. He was educated at 
 was born James Roy Eichelberger on July 17, 1945 in Pekin, Illinois. He attended 
 (also known as Dr. Lisa) is an American author and director. She is most known for the documentary she directed, Not Bad for a Girl, which was co-produced by Kyle C. Kyle, former drummer for Venus and the Razorblades and the Motels, and Courtney Love. The film focused on the grunge and riot grrrl scene and musicians involved in it including artists such as L7, Babes in Toyland, Hole and the Lunachicks. Joan Jett is also interviewed. Apramian studied at the 
 was born on November 6, 1970, in Sacramento, California. He grew up in the Medford, Oregon area, where, as an adolescent, he worked at his father's radio station, KDOV. His father, Perry Atkinson, ran for Congress three times and once served as chairman of the Oregon Republican Party. Growing up, Jason competed in skiing and in mountain bike racing. In 1992, he earned a Bachelor's degree in political science and history from Southern Oregon State College. Atkinson then attended Willamette University where he earned a MBA from the school's 
 and Elizabeth, née Irwin. He attended 
 received his early education in primary school in Blitar, East Java. In the early 1960s he began university studies at 
 followed in 1967. Their mother, Lynne (née Luckinbill), was a nurse and painter whose brother is actor Laurence Luckinbill. Their father, Ron Wachowski, was a businessman of Polish descent. They went to Kellogg Elementary School, in Chicago's Beverly area, and graduated from Whitney Young High School, known for its performing arts and science curriculum, in 1983 and '86. Former students recall them playing Dungeons & Dragons and working in the school's theater and TV program. Andy then attended 
 was born in Snoqualmie, Washington and died at his home at Laird's Landing, Point Reyes National Seashore, California. He was raised in Snoqualmie before moving to Seattle in 1936 to study at the Cornish School for the Arts (later Cornish College of the Arts). Between 1937 and 1940 he lived in San Francisco, where he studied at the California School of Fine Arts (later the 
 (1842--1921) was a landscape painter who studied under James Abbott McNeill Whistler. He studied at the 
 was born in Philadelphia in 1947. Her family moved frequently due to her father's work, and she attended nine different schools before she graduated high school. She was inspired by her 8th grade teacher and joined the Peace Corps in the 1960s, serving for two years in Ecuador. The work she did in Ecuador with poor women and children affected her deeply, and she would go on to establish a distribution network for the hand-woven goods the women made. She attended 
 was born in Vicenza, Italy, and studied piano as a child, then continued her studies at the 
 (Serbo-Croat: Bujar Bukoši) (born 13 May 1947 in Suva Reka, Yugoslavia) was the Minister of Healthcare in Kosovo in the first government of Hashim Thaci. Previously, he served as Prime Minister of Kosovo within the self-proclaimed Republic of Kosova from 1991 to 2000. He graduated from the 
 (born in Rochester, NY on February 8, 1985) and Emre Atabay (born in Istanbul, Turkey January 15, 1986). Muj songs span a wide variety of genres including pop, rock, dance, electronica, trip-hop and acoustic. Muj has been a semi-finalist in a talent search from MTV named Music Universe Contest for their song ``Elastic'' from album 2012. This album was given rave reviews by a number of critics. Muj also won ``Clash of the artists'' event organized by Art for Progress, for live music. Both Allen and Emry have graduated from 
 is the creator of Xiaolin Showdown. Han Chinese, she grew up in China and moved to the United States. She currently lives in California. She received her MBA from the 
 was educated at 
 (1880-1961) was born in Aberdeen. He was a painter in oil and watercolour, an etcher and stained glass artist. After serving a six-year apprenticeship as a draughtsman with the lithographer Robert Gibb RSA (1845-1932), he studied at 
 is a classically trained Anglo-Swedish actress based in the UK. She studied at 
 began dance lessons aged six, studying at the Johnny Young Talent School and the Promenade Dance Studio in Brisbane. He then attended The 
 is the Charles Horton Cooley Collegiate Professor of Psychology in the Social Psychology program at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. He also has appointments as Professor of Marketing at the Ross School of Business, Research Professor in the Program in Survey Methodology and Research Professor at the Institute for Social Research. He received a Ph.D. in sociology from the 
 was born in Brooklyn and was raised in Queens. He graduated from 
 (born 11 November 1978) is a British judoka. She attended 
 is an American comedy writer and improviser from Evanston, Illinois. He attended 
, born 1937 in Cleveland, Ohio is an American broadcaster and writer. He attended 
 was an American biochemist who won the Robert Koch Prize with César Milstein in 1980. He received his bachelor's degree from Emory University and his M.D. from the 
 was born in Dearborn, MI (USA), but grew up in Shelby Township, MI where he attended Dwight D. 
 is an American Asian actor, director, producer, and screenwriter, currently in various stages of post-production on his AmerAsian Trilogy. Born and raised in San Francisco, California, he graduated from the 
 is an American Asian actor, director, producer, and screenwriter, currently in various stages of post-production on his AmerAsian Trilogy. Born and raised in San Francisco, California, he graduated from the 
 (born May 15, 1948) is an Canadian film actor. Stewart graduated from the 
 (September 6, 1860 - February 11, 1941) was a laboratory assistant of Thomas Edison. Jehl studied chemistry at 
 was born in Chicago, Illinois. After briefly attending the University of Illinois at Urbana-- Champaign, she received a Bachelor of Arts degree from 
 (1906--2000) was an editor and publisher of the Miami Herald and the Detroit Free Press. He was the first chairman and CEO of Knight-Ridder Newspapers and president of the Knight Ridder news service after he helped arrange the merger of Knight Newspapers and Ridder Publications; later in life, he was president of the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation. Hills attended 
 (born 1973) was adopted by King Hussein of Jordan and his third wife, Queen Alia, after her mother was killed by a plane crash at their Palestinian refugee camp in Amman, Jordan in 1976. She attended 
 (4 March 1929--11 April 1997) was a noted historian of early America. He received his Ph.D. from the 
 was born in Fengrun, Hebei in 1941. He joined the Communist Party of China in 1965. He graduated from 
 was born in New Jersey. He graduated from 
 was educated at 
 attended 
 was born in Nashua, New Hampshire on February 13, 1955, the daughter of Nashua real estate developer Samuel A. Tamposi. She attended the 
 was born in Lörrach in 1947. He studied Economics and Social Sciences at the 
 (born 1949 New York City) is an American artist, living and working in London. Randy Klein studied at the 
 (born December 18, 1989 in Santa Ana, California) is an American long track speed skater from Waukesha, Wisconsin. His coach is Mike Witty, whose sister Chris Witty won three Olympic medals, and trains at the Pettit National Ice Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Although he took sixth place in the 10,000m event at the 2006 U.S. Speedskating Championships, Whitmore has turned his focus to the sprint events, earning a first place finish in the 500m at the 2009 World Junior Speedskating Championships. He set a track record of 36.44 seconds in his first race at that event in Poland, also placing fourth in the 1000m. He was named to the U.S. team for the 2010 Winter Olympics by winning the 500 meter event at the 2009 U.S. Speedskating Championships in Salt Lake City with a combined time of 70.60 seconds. He graduated from 
 was born in Beaumont, Texas, the second of four sons of Anthony and Grace (née Galiano) Fiorenza. His father immigrated from Sicily at age 10, while his mother was the daughter of Sicilian immigrants. He attended 
 works in the intersection between art history, performance theory and queer theory, and has become an important figure in contemporary art history and queer theory. He received his PhD from the 
 was born in Utah, but during primary school she lived in Eugene, Oregon, Whittier, California and later Albuquerque, New Mexico. In 1977, she became the youngest member in the Albuquerque Civic Light Opera's production of Oklahoma. Just before high school, her family moved to Memphis, Tennessee and she attended 
 (Pia) Susanna (Ellinor) Roxman is an Anglophone writer, poet and critic born in Stockholm; her father's family is Scottish. She was considered a gifted child. Her first few books were written in Swedish, but she switched over to English as her professional language. After having worked for some years as a secretary, a ballet teacher, and a fashion model, Roxman studied at 
 (1395--1460) was a Dutch theologian and scholastic philosopher. He was a prominent Albertist, and forerunner of Nicholas of Cusa. He studied at the 
 was the elder son of the Hon. Josiah Wedgwood by his wife the former Dorothy Mary Winser. He was educated at 
 was raised in Disley, Cheshire. He was educated at 
 had a peripatetic post-secondary education. He attended Wayne State University beginning in 1929, finally graduating in 1942 with his BA in sociology, but he also studied at 
 (born February 27, 1959 in Bellshill, Scotland) is a Scottish architect and designer based in New York. Nicholls is known for his modern area rugs and textile designs. Nicholls studied art, architecture and design at 
 (born November 20, 1964) is an American actor known for his television work. He attended 
 grew up in New York, and attended Brighton High School in Brighton, Monroe County, New Yorkhttp://books.google.com/books? id=E8CA1I9l5QQC&pg=PA12&lpg=PA12&dq=arthur+Schneider+rochester&source=bl&ots=kIP7D8lrEC&sig=FTTJN31S3YbXsvUxvM2gp8XaPCo&hl=en&ei=uOspTLHKIMKC8gaytZTSCA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=3&ved=0CBoQ6AEwAg#v=onepage&q&f=false and Wentworth Military Academy in Lexington, Missouri. In 1948, he entered the 
 (born October 30, 1960) is a Tennessee politician and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 13th district, which encompasses part of Knox County. He has served as a state representative since the 97th General Assembly and was most recently re-elected as a member of the Democratic Party. He is the Chair of the House Budget Subcommittee and is a member of the House State and Local Government Committee, the House Local Government Subcommittee, the House State Government Subcommittee, the Joint Pensions and Insurance Committee, the Joint Lottery Oversight Committee, the Joint Tennessee Education Lottery Corp. Committee, and the House Finance, Ways and Means Committee. Harry Tindell graduated from 
 joined Pakistan Army in 1951 and two years later, he was inducted into the Corps of Engineers where he received his B.Sc. (Hons). in mechanical engineering with the distinctions from Army College of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering. He remained associated with civil projects constructed by the 
 (1864-1936) was a Canadian author, born at Chatham, New Brunswick, and educated at 
 was born in Sheffield on 4 July 1909, the son of a clergyman, and educated at Marlborough College and 
 (July 23, 1927-July 7, 2010) was born in Louisville, Kentucky, the second of the three sons of Anne Simons Karl and Aaron Karl. He was educated in the public schools of Louisville. He received a bachelor's degree from the 
 was educated in Dublin at the Avoca School and at Sandford Park. He attended the 
 went to highschool at the Broeders van Liefde in Turnhout. He obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry from the 
 studied biochemistry at the 
 graduated from the 
 was born in Basel, the son of Emile Mertz, who owned a large engineering firm in the city. With the aim of working in the family business, which manufactured textile machinery, Mertz attended the University of Bern, where he studied patent law. While in Bern, he became active as a mountaineer and skier. Mertz competed in several national competitions; in 1906 he was third in the Swiss cross-country skiing championship, and second in the German championship. In 1908, he won the Swiss ski jumping championship, with a distance of . As a mountaineer, he was particularly prolific in the Alps; he climbed Mont Blanc--the highest peak in the range--and claimed several first ascents of other mountains. After he attained his degree of Doctor of Laws from the University of Bern, Mertz studied science at the 
 was born in Shelburne, Vermont. He graduated from 
 (born April 3, 1937) is the Iowa State Representative from the 26th District and is the Speaker Pro Tempore. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1997. She received her BS from 
 is a political and legal theorist specialized in democratic and feminist theory. She is Sarah Rebecca Roland Professor of Political Science at Northwestern University and Senior Research Professor at the American Bar Foundation. She received her PhD from Johns Hopkins University and her undergraduate degree from 
 (18 September 1869 -- 21 April 1957) was a Scottish embryologist and Unionist Member of Parliament (MP).   He is best known for his studies of the embryology of lungfishes.Born in Hertfordshire to Scottish parents, Kerr was educated at the 
 was born in Madoc in eastern Ontario on May 5, 1904. He was educated at the 
 was an English major at Yale University, but only began writing fiction during her senior year. She moved to New York after college and took a job writing paperback cover copy at Ballantine Books. She attended the 
 is most notably known as the founder of the band Curlew in 1979 in New York City. Besides playing soprano, alto and tenor saxophones he has composed music for Curlew, his own solo recordings and other music ensembles such as Zeitgiest. He attended the 
 was born at Cookham, a village in Berkshire, the son of a solicitor. He was educated at 
 studied at 
 (born March 28, 1926) is an American financial executive, the chairman of Stone Holdings, Inc. and Bluebonnet Savings Bank. A native of Mobile, Alabama, he attended 
 was born and raised in Bangor, County Down in Northern Ireland. From a Protestant background, Burrowes was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, a Belfast grammar school commonly known as ``Inst''. He went on to study French and German at 
 received a bachelor's degree in Marketing from the 
. He graduated from 
, the son of a solicitor, was born into one of the most illustrious families in Sassari. His early studies were done in Sardinia. He studied law and philosophy at 
 was born 27 May 1924 in Veliko Turnovo, Bulgaria. He spent his childhood and youth in poverty in Varna and the surrounding villages. His mother, widowed young, was a teacher, who encouraged her children to read those ``eternal books'', essential as bread itself, literary works by authors such as Ivan Vazov, Dostoyevski, Jack London, Cervantes, Rabelais and Homer. As a student Varban spent hours in the local library studying ancient Greek, Latin, Russian and German which enabled him to support his family by helping other fellow students with their lessons. When he graduated from High School he was awarded a scholarship by the Ministry of Education. He was an excellent swimmer and won a local Varna championship for two consecutive years. He was in the final stages of World War II on the Fatherland Front as a war correspondent. After the war Varban Stamatov studied medicine and philosophy at 
 is Raffles Professor of Social Sciences and Professor of Mathematics at the National University of Singapore (NUS). Currently, he heads the Department of Economics at NUS. Sun received his B.S. from 
 (born in the USSR) was the first recipient of the Hermann Trophy as the outstanding collegiate soccer player of the year. Markus attended 
, (or Zerdeşt Haco) (born 1950) is a Kurdish writer, linguist and researcher, born in Syria in 1950. He has studied linguistics, German and Iranian languages at the 
 grew up in Yorktown Heights, New York and began to play tennis at the age of five, taught by his father. While living in New York, Amini attended 
 is a Syrian management scientist. He received his Ph.D. in Operations Research from the 
 (February 12, 1908 - September 11, 1987) was a Chicago-born American industrialist, entrepreneur, and world champion sailor. He graduated from the 
 was born and raised in Brooklyn, NY and was a star basketball player in high school and college. He attended 
 (5 June 1879 in Långserud, Värmland -- 2 April 1950 in Stockholm) was a Swedish composer and conductor. His father was an organist and he graduated from 
 attended 
 was born on May 29, 1843 in Zanesville, Ohio. He graduated from the 
 was born in Dull, Perthshire in 1839, the son of Alexander M. Munro, a schoolmaster, and Margaret Stewart. He was educated at the 
 (aka Fred Hawthorne) was born in 1928 in Fort Scott, Kansas and he received his elementary and secondary education in Kansas and Missouri. Prior to high school graduation, through examination he entered the Missouri School of Mines and Metallurgy, Rolla, Missouri as a chemical engineering student. He then transferred to 
 was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. A native of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, Jensen was born on July 8, 1908. He graduated from the 
 was born in Solihull in the West Midlands, England, in 1960. He was educated at 
 was born in Burtscheid in Rhenish Prussia. He received his early education at the schools of his native city, and made his classical studies at the gymnasium of Aachen. In 1853, he entered the 
. At the Royal Academy, he studied singing with his mother's former teacher, Sir Henry Wood, and Alberto Randegger, and drama with Richard Temple, creator of many of the Savoy roles in which Fancourt was later famous. While a student, Fancourt performed in opera productions at the Academy, creating the role of Tackleton, the toy merchant, in Alexander Mackenzie's opera The Cricket on the Hearth, and playing Colas in Mozart's Bastien und Bastienne, and Benoit in La bohème. The Times thought him ``amusing but not noticeably musical'' in the last. Fancourt later continued his vocal studies in Germany with Lilli Lehmann. Even before completing his studies, Fancourt was building a concert career in London, the British provinces and the European continent.The Times said of an Aeolian Hall recital in 1912, ``Mr. Fancourt has some noble notes in his voice, except when he forces it occasionally ... Schubert's Tod und das Mädchen was remarkably well characterized; it was quite his best and he made it into a thing of great beauty.'' In World War I, Fancourt volunteered for military service and was commissioned in the London Regiment as a lieutenant. In 1917, while still serving in the army, Fancourt married a young singer, 
 received degrees from 
 was the son of the Rev. Canon Benjamin Crosthwaite. He was educated at 
 was educated at 
 studied Intensive Mandarin Language in 1981 at 
 graduated from 
 began acting in small sex films, at the time referred to as loops (named after the style of their presentation, constantly looped 16mm films shown in booths), in January 1978. His first feature movie was 1979's Tangerine. He has been in over 1500 feature (story based) films and videos, and performed in over 500 additional all sex videos, with approximately 1800 actresses. He attended 
 was born into a unionist family. His father was a Presbyterian minister and home was the manse. He was educated at 
 (February 9, 1789 - May 1, 1826) was an American politician and lawyer. Born in Concord, Massachusetts, Wheeler graduated from 
 (born August 20, 1983 in Hayward, California) is an American novelist based in Brooklyn, New York. He was raised in Boulder, Colorado, where in he attended 
 knew Latin at age 3 and entered college at 12 years of age. He studied at 
 was born in Albany, New York to Ronald, a Doctor of Psychiatry, and Aileen. He attended 
 was an undergraduate at Magdalen College, Oxford, where he graduated with a BA (first-class honours) in Literae Humaniores (Classics, Philosophy and Ancient History) in 1969. He then studied at 
 (May 1, 1827October 2, 1911) was born on May 1, 1827 in Genoa, New York and was a graduate of Williams College with the class of 1849. He graduated from the 
 (c.1649 -- 1702) was one of the Wogans of Boulston, in Pembrokeshire, Wales. He was the son of Abraham Wogan, who was High Sheriff of Pembrokeshire in 1648. Lewis Wogan, who studied at 
 (b. 1926 in Syracuse, NY) is a federal judge for the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York. Judge McCurn graduated from 
 is a visual artist working in the San Francisco Bay Area. She received her MFA from The 
 was born November 28, 1805, in the township of Shrewsbury, New Jersey. He was the second son of Benjamin Stephens, a successful New Jersey merchant, and Clemence Lloyd, daughter of an eminent local judge. The following year the family moved to New York City. There Stephens received an education in the Classics at two privately-tutored schools. At the early age of 13 he enrolled at 
 was raised in the largely Latter-day Saint town of Virden, New Mexico. He served as a Mormon missionary in the Argentina North Mission of the LDS Church. He studied at Eastern Arizona Junior College and the Church College of Hawaii before he received his bachelor's degree in Animal Science from 
 was born in 1924 in Rawtenstall, Lancashire into a musical family. Aged nine he became a chorister at Manchester Cathedral, where he was eventually appointed as Head Boy in 1939. He later attended 
, AKC was an eminent Anglican priest in the 20th century. He was born on 24 February 1923 and educated at Foster's School, Sherborne and Bishop Wordsworth's School, Salisbury. After World War II service with the RA he completed his studies at 
 (1964 in USA) is a business people from Turkey who is CEO of Saran Şirketler Grubu. He received his B.A. in from 
 (born 1951) is a Norwegian encyclopedist. He studied at the 
 was born on January 25, 1934. He was educated at 
 is an associate professor of political science at the University of Chicago. He received a Ph.D. in Political Science from 
 (born November 1961) is a Chinese banker. Mr. Liu graduated from 
 was raised in a Catholic family in Brooklyn, N.Y. (his elder brother is actor Tony Sirico), but by his early teenage years he had left the Church. He received an associate's degree from 
 (born 16 March 1954) is a British poet and founder of 'HQ Poetry Magazine'. He has had three books published and co-edited an anthology of poetry for the Acorn Book Company in 2000. He was born and grew up at Wallingford, in the County of Berkshire (now Oxfordshire), England, where he attended the local grammar school. He was later educated at the 
 was born in Baltimore, Maryland to Walter and Susan. He attended 
 (born August 20, 1983 in Hayward, California) is an American novelist based in Brooklyn, New York. He was raised in Boulder, Colorado, where in he attended Fairview High School. In 2006, he received a B.A. from 
 (April 25, 1835 -- February 6, 1907) was an American Civil War Union Army Officer who served as a Colonel and commander of the 7th Vermont Infantry. He graduated in 1857 from 
 (born November 18, 1964 in Spring Valley, New York) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles, Arizona Cardinals, Green Bay Packers and Denver Broncos. Joyner graduated from 
 attended 
 received his BA in Political Science from 
 (1858 or 1859 -- 27 May 1944) was a Welsh academic. He was educated at 
 was the son of Wallace Percy Knapp, a wealthy New York lawyer. His mother was killed in a horse riding accident in Central Park when he was only three years old. He attended 
 was born in Exeter, New Hampshire, in 1961, and spent his childhood in Texas and then in Fredericton, New Brunswick. He attended 
 (1857--1929) was the first Irishman elevated to the bench in Massachusetts where he served on the Essex County Superior Court after being appointed by Governor Eugene Foss in 1911. He lived in Salem and was the son of an immigrant from the days of the potato famine. He attended 
 is from Casper, Wyoming. He graduated from 
 split his time between playing baseball, working in the nearby oil fields, and going horseback riding. Johnson later attended 
, MP for Rochester, and his wife Louisa Rebecca Liddon, daughter of John Liddon of Taunton. He was educated at Eton and 
 (born 1929 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer and music theorist. He has taught at Princeton University, the University of Michigan, and Colorado College. He studied at 
 (Born 1933, Massachusetts) is an American physician and cancer researcher. He received an A.B. from 
 of En'Vogue attended 
 was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1937. He completed his undergraduate degree at the 
 (1857--1929) was the first Irishman elevated to the bench in Massachusetts where he served on the Essex County Superior Court after being appointed by Governor Eugene Foss in 1911. He lived in Salem and was the son of an immigrant from the days of the potato famine. He attended University of Ottawa in Canada due to discrimination against the Irish in the U.S. at the time, graduating in 1883, and went on to earn his law degree from 
 received the B.A(Economics) from 
 is an American legal scholar who currently teaches at Florida State University College of Law. Professor Linford graduated with high honors from the 
 is a legendary British newsreader. He was educated at 
 was born and raised in Sydney, Australia, where she attended 
 graduated from 
 studied at the 
 (born 1942) is an artist and philanthropist. She studied (1961--63) English and American Literature at Aoyama Gakuin University, Tokyo, Japan. In 1963 she transferred to Macalaster College, St. Paul, Minnesota as a scholarship student, and earned her BFA. in 1965. From 1966 she attended 
 born in Mogadishu in June 1960 is a Somali journalist. He has been the head of BBC Somali Service in London, UK since 1999. He also worked for Radio Mogadishu in Somalia in 1980s. Apart from managing the BBC Somali Service, he engages in programmes for training Somali journalists. Yusuf graduated from the 
 (born in London, England) is a Los Angeles pop culture and travel journalist, videographer and consultant. Her work has appeared in The Daily for iPad (News Corp), the Los Angeles Times, Salon.com, The Huffington Post, New York Magazine, Variety, People magazine, Wired Magazine, BUST (magazine), Newsday, New York Newsday, Radar, Movieline, CMJ, GQ (Korea), URB, Dazed & Confused (London), and Glamour Magazine (Italy). She received her Masters degree in European Culture from the University of Amsterdam and her Bachelors degree from 
 is an Indian Administrative Service officer of Rajasthan cadre who is better known as an artist,women activist, social reformer and humanist. A graduate of Harvard she obtained a MPA Degree from 
 comes from a bi-racial family of German and Chinese descent with parents and a sister who work in the medical fiel.d He attended 
 was born in Auckland in 1955 and grew up in Lower Hutt and Wellington, New Zealand. Campbell attended 
 FRS (29 June 1852 - 13 July 1924) was a Scottish palaeobotanist. He studied botany at the 
 was born in Augusta, Maine on May 8, 1855, the son of James G. Blaine and Harriet (Stanwood) Blaine. In 1876, he graduated from Yale College, where he was a member of Skull and Bones. He then attended 
 is an American composer. Born Stephen Alexander Chambers on February 8, 1940 in Asheville, North Carolina, he grew up playing music in school, studying clarinet, piano, and singing in church choir. He later studied music at the 
 (born on 22 January 1968) is a British writer, who has written for many media including novels, audio dramas, short stories and comic strips. He works in the science-fiction, fantasy and thriller genres. He has written for several SF franchises including Doctor Who, Stargate, Sapphire & Steel and Space 1889. He attended 
 was born in Elizabeth City, North Carolina, USA on August 13, 1959. He graduated magna cum laude from 
 (22 June 1868--17 September 1936) was an American classical scholar, born in New York City. He graduated from 
 is director of the Lee Edward Travis Research Institute at the Fuller Theological Seminary and Professor of Psychology in the Graduate School of Psychology. He is also a member of the UCLA Brain Research Institute. Dr. Brown received his doctorate in Experimental Physiological Psychology from the 
 was born in 1897 to American parents in the Northwest Territories of Canada and served with the Canadian Expeditionary Force in World War I. Serving on the Western Front, he was badly injured, taken prisoner by Germany in 1917, and not repatriated until after the war. When he finally returned home he earned a bachelor's degree in geology from the University of British Columbia and a master's degree in science and a Ph.D. in geology, both from 
 is a London-based writer and director working in film, TV and radio. He was educated at 
 (1869--1968) was born on a farm in Kentucky. She was educated at the 
 is Professor of Management and the Spears Chair of Entrepeneurship at Oklahoma State University's Spears School of Business. He studied psychology at 
, as he always called himself, was born into a military and naval family with connections to the Pitt family. He was the second son of Captain John Smith of the Guards, and was born at Westminster. Sidney Smith attended 
 was educated locally and then at Westminster School. He completed his education at 
 was born on 17 November 1837 in Copenhagen. He studied architecture at the 
, bronze medal Olympic goalie, and international phenom Tony Azevedo attended 
 was born in London, UK. He studied as a scholar at Trinity College, Cambridge, then at 
 was educated at 
 was born on November 6, 1940 in Benton Harbor, Michigan. He was educated at the 
 obtained a Master Degree in International Economy and a Doctorate in Economics at the 
 was born in Manchester in 1894. He was educated at 
 received her PhD in visual processing from the 
 attended school at 
 (1861 -- 1949) attended 
 was born on July 5, 1959, in New York City. Gordis received his B.A. from Columbia University (magna cum laude), a master's degree and rabbinic ordination from the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, and his Ph.D. from the 
 (born May 1973, Croydon, Greater London, England) is a video game music composer. He studied at the 
 graduated from 
 is professor emeritus of atmospheric sciences at Stony Brook University. He earned his bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from 
 (born 1960 in Manchester, Lancashire, England) is a Liberal Democrat politician. He was educated at the 
, born Mary Freya Elwes (29 February 1928 -- 15 July 1987), was a BBC Television in-vision announcer from 1957 to 1960. She attended the 
 started to play the trumpet at the age of 11 years old. Since 1944 to 1947 he played at the Kirov Orchestra (nowadays it is known as Mariinsky Orchestra) despite of the fact that he had not got higher musical education by that time. In 1952 he graduated from the 
 was born in Santa Monica, California, raised in La Cañada Flintridge, California, graduated from John Muir High School (Pasadena, California), where he was honored for having written many of the drum cadences for the school's internationally renowned Drum Corps, which are still used more than 40 years after his graduation. In the 1976 Rose Parade, the UCLA Marching Band incorporated his cadence ``JB'' into their cadences He was named to their Hall of Fame in 2008. He attended 
 was born in the north-eastern London Borough of Hackney. He attended 
 (1935-2005) was an American academic and legal scholar. He graduated from the University of Minnesota, the 
 was educated at 
 was born in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne, UK on April 5th, 1955 and raised in the nearby town of Consett, County Durham. Before embarking upon an academic career in 1988, in the 1970s he was a jobbing soul/blues musician, and in the 1980s he ran rehabilitation projects for young offenders in County Durham, UK, a former coal-mining and heavy industrial area that suffered multiple social problems as it was deindustrialized as part of a process of neoliberal economic restructuring by the Thatcher government. He graduated from 
 was an American football player and coach. He served as the second head football coach at Northwestern University, coaching one season in 1894 and compiling a record of 4--5. This ranks him 20th at Northwestern in total wins and 15th at Northwestern in winning percentage. Ewing attended classes at the 
 was born and raised in the Sogn Valley in Goodhue County, Minnesota. Hustvedt finished his B.A. degree at 
 (born September 29, 1941) is the Iowa State Representative from the 44th District. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2002. She received her BA from the 
 was born to Ivine Galarza and Jose Rivera. Rivera attended 
, Mavelikkara for the Pre-degree and at N. S. S. College, Pandalam, for his degree (in Mathematics) and Institute of English, University of Kerala for post-graduation in English Language and Literature. A voracious reader in Malayalam and English, 
, a 25 year old medical student, ran the first authenticated four-minute mile at the Iffley Road running track in Oxford. Although he had previously studied at Oxford University, Bannister was studying at 
 was born in Hot Springs, South Dakota. In 1916 and 1917, he was a Second Lieutenant in the South Dakota National Guard 4th Infantry Regiment during the 1916 Mexican border expedition. He was a Captain with the American Expeditionary Forces from 1917 to 1919. He received an LL.B. degree from the 
 (b. 12 July 1986 in Buea, Cameroon) is an American football (soccer) player who currently plays in Veikkausliiga side RoPS. At 14, Tabe attended 
, USA is an American Army officer who is currently serving as the fifth Commander, United States Northern Command (USNORTHCOM) and the 22nd Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). Jacoby is the first Army officer to assume command of Northern Command. He previously served as the Director for Strategic Plans and Policy, The Joint Staff. He assumed his current assignment on August 3, 2011. A 1978 graduate of the United States Military Academy, General Jacoby attended the Infantry Officer Basic and Advanced courses, the Army Command and General Staff College, the School of Advanced Military Studies, and the National War College. He has a master's degree in History from the 
 was born on November 16, 1933 in Allahabad (in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh) to a Kashmiri Hindu family. He was educated at the 
 is a professional storyteller, who has toured internationally, telling stories to a wide ranging audience in the United States and Europe. She has produced thirteen CDs, and won a variety of awards, such as the coveted Oracle Award. Her work has been featured in venues such as the Smithsonian Institution and the Montreal Comedy Festival, and has appeared several times at the National Storytelling Festival. In addition she has produced a variety of seminars and workshops for storytellers. Judith Black studied education at 
's family quickly moved to New Haven, where he spent most of his childhood. Terry graduated from the 
 (born circa 1983) is a Welsh comedian and comedy writer. He is originally from Baglan, Neath Port Talbot and currently lives in London. He studied film and television at 
 (February 3, 1933 - ), an American sportswoman, leader in the thoroughbred industry's high society and activist in political and economic issues in Kentucky. She was born Anita K. Myers to Orella Ferguson (? - January 22, 1999) in Ashland, Kentucky. Anita grew up as a ``tom-boy.'' She played sports while in high school such as basketball and cheerleading while also being involved with the drama club. From there she attended 
 was an American Bishop of the United Methodist Church, elected in 1968. He was born in 1916 in Lewistown, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Newport High School. He earned a Bachelor's degree from 
 (born May 23, 1985 in Orange, California) is an American football guard and center who played for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League. He was originally signed by the 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Pennsylvania. He attended 
 started as choir's artistic leader and as headmaster of Cantores Minores musical institute. Norjanen has also sung in Cantores Minores as a boy. He has studied choral and orchestral conducting 
 was educated at 
 was born in Smethport, Pennsylvania. He attended the 
 (born 1982) is an American film and TV actor. He attended 
 is an Austrian scientist, known for his research on field electron emission and field ionization, and his role as an adviser to the United States government. Born in Austria and educated at 
 graduated with a B.A. degree in Economics (first class) in 1976 from St. Stephens' college, where he was also awarded the K.C.Nag Economics Prize. In 1978, he received an M.A. degree in Economics from 
 (born 9 February 1954) is the CEO of the Energy Sector of Siemens. Born in Solingen he studied Business Administration at the 
 attended 
 attended 
 is a film director, film producer, composer, author and painter. Born in Mexico, he studied Contemporary Art at 
 is a professor of history at Saint Xavier University in Chicago, Illinois. He received his M.A. and Ph.D. from 
 was born June 28, 1947 in Caldwell, Kansas. He received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of Kansas in 1969. Johnson attended 
 attended 
 (born March 13, 1951, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American football player who played tight end in the National Football League from 1974 to 1978 and played in two Super Bowls. He attended 
 (born December 21, 1978) in Montgomery, Alabama, is an Artist, Illustrator and Poet. He embodies the spirit of art in the South. He graduated from 
, a native of Coleraine, he received his education at Queen's College, Galway. In 1895 he received a fellowship from the 
 (1796--1858) was an English writer. He graduated at 
 (born September 25, 1981 in San Diego, California) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. Cordova, who is of Mexican American descent, was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the third round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He attended 
 was born at Tunbridge, Kent in 1862. He was educated at 
 was born in Thompson, Iowa to Glee (1909-1986) and Theo S. Klemesrud http://www.legis.iowa.gov/Legislators/legislatorAllYears.aspx?PID=1853 (1902-1995). His siblings include, Judy Klemesrud and Candace K. Klemesrud (1947-1989), both whom are deceased. He attended the Thompson Community High School and graduated from the University of Iowa in 1973 with a degree in film production. He is a member of the University of Iowa Presidents Club.http://www.uifoundation.org/pc/ In 1974 he attended the 
 received an MA in Philosophy from 
 was born October 1, 1890, in Narragansett Pier, Rhode Island, the son of Charles MacVeagh and Fanny Davenport Rogers MacVeagh. MacVeagh graduated from 
 (19 April 1892-1973) was born in Mumbai. She graduated from the 
 was born in Pasadena, California in 1947. He graduated from 
 was born in Zhejiang. He graduated from 
 was born in New York City on October 1, 1940. She was educated at 
 was born in Nova Scotia, Canada and was a classical record producer/editor at Delos Records before entering the film industry. As a record producer he worked with such artists as Flutist Jean Pierre Rampal, The Westminter Choir, Tenor John Aler, and Guitarist Paul Galbraith, among others. He has continued to work in the record industry with editing credits on John William's ``Cello Concerto'', ``An American Journey'' as well as numerous film soundtracks. He is a graduate of the New England Conservatory (B.M. Trumpet Performance) and Northwestern University (M.M. Pi Kappa Lambda - Trumpet Performance). Additionally, he studied at the 
 graduated from the 
 (born Sydney, 1976), is an Australian composer currently based in the United States. He studied at the 
 is an Associate Professor of Biological Sciences at Purdue University. He received his Bachelor of Science degree from 
 graduated from 
 graduated from 
 (born May 14, 1978) is the principal oboist of the Baltimore Symphony orchestra, USA. She studied under Richard Woodhams at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, graduating at age twenty. She was the first prize winner of the Gillet-Fox International Oboe competition in 2003. Ms. Needleman joined the oboe faculty of the Peabody Conservatory of the Johns Hopkins University in 2005. She is a graduate of the 
 was a noted Pakistani filmmaker, film writer, and journalist. His real name was Sheikh Riaz, but was called by his nickname Shahid. Originally from Kashmir, Riaz settled in Lahore where he started his career as a journalist for newspaper Chataan and later joined Faiz Ahmed Faiz's Lail-o-Nihar. He also wrote a novel named Hazar Dastaan. He was educated at 
 was born July 19, 1937 in Tacoma, Washington, the oldest of four children. His mother worked as a waitress and his stepfather was a prison guard. During college and graduate school he worked in a variety of blue-collar jobs in canneries and paper mills. In one of those jobs, he was employed in a Veteran's Administration hospital as a psychiatric aide, which inspired his interest in working with people with mental and behavioral distresses. He graduated in 1959 from the 
 (born September 16, 1953) is an American character actor. He has appeared in a number of television, film, and stage projects. He graduated from 
 attended 
 was born in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1914. He studied art at the Cincinnati Art Museum as a high school and moved to Manhattan, where he studied painting at the 
 attended 
 was born in China just before the Cultural Revolution and started playing violin and piano at age of six with his parents, and moved in the 70s to Beijing to be the soloist of the China Central Radio Symphony Orchestra, in 1980 he won the fifth prize of the Sibelius International Violin Competition, being the first Chinese citizen to win prize at a major international violin competition, in 1984 he graduated from the 
 graduated from 
 is a shark biologist and founder of the American Elasmobranch Society. Originally from Brooklyn, NY, he moved to South Florida and received his BA in zoology from the 
 graduated from 
 was born on 21 September 1947 in Buguruslan, Orenburg Oblast, USSR. In 1970, she graduated from the 
 (born 1934) is a American leftist political writer based in Paris, France. She focusesg primarily on European politics and Western foreign policy. Johnstone received a Ph.D. at the 
 (born 18 November 1961 in Bruck an der Mur, Austria) is an Austrian architect established since 1989 in Paris. He studied architecture at the 
 is a bi-racial ``Italian-Korean'' American filmmaker based in Los Angeles, California. For all his works thus far, he has been credited as director, writer, cinematographer, and editor. He got his start in the industry by independently creating original projects that utilized extremely low budgets, yet made them extremely commercially appealing in the visual sense. He shoots and produces many of his films in Los Angeles, California. Picardi graduated from 
 was born in New York in 1975 and now lives and works between the UK and New York. Margaret Salmon is represented by Office Baroque Gallery, Belgium and formerly by Store Gallery, London. She graduated from 
, also known as Petrus Plaoul or Pierre Plaoul, (1353--1415) was a late medieval Scholastic philosopher and theologian. Born in Liege, he was educated at the 
 went to the University of Toronto Mississauga, Ontario, Canada and received an honours degree in Mathematics and Philosophy. He received his MBA from the 
 (original name Maxalbrecht Wickert) was born in Augsburg, Germany, the oldest child of Stephan Phillip Wickert, an artist and art-teacher (later industrial designer), and Thilde (Kellner) Wickert. Four younger children, all sisters, were born between 1940 and 1946. In 1943, he experienced the Allied bombing of his native city and evacuation to Langenneufnach, a small farming village. (These events are later evoked in his short story, The Scythe of Saturn). He received his early education in Langenneufnach, Passau, and Augsburg. In 1952 his family immigrated to Rochester, N.Y., where he completed high school at 
, (February 27, 1877, Oneida, New York. - February 25, 1948, ??) was an American botanist and pteridologist. He graduated from 
 was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He graduated from the 
 attended 
 was born and raised in Spokane. The son of a housewife and a sales executive, Davis excelled at Shadle Park High School as a wrestler and basketball player, then studied English at Eastern Washington University where he met fellow student Chris Crutcher -- a year his senior. Recognized early as a gifted writer, Davis went from Eastern to study under John Irving at the University of Iowa's Writers' Workshop, and later at 
 received a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and Sociology from the 
 was educated at 
 (1852 - 1936) was born on the 15th February 1852 in Forebank St Cyrus, Kincardine, Scotland. He was the second son of James Peat and Margaret Barclay (of the banking family that built Barclays Bank, one of England's largest). Born of privilege, Peat studied law at the prestigious 
 is a painter born in 1959. She studied at The 
 was born and raised on Binghamton's West Side, near historic Recreation Park. He graduated from Binghamton Catholic Central High School in 1969. Ryan became interested in politics during his final years in Catholic school, volunteering for the presidential campaign of Robert F. Kennedy. He received his undergraduate degree in environmental studies from 
 (Jackson W. Eskew) (b. June 29, 1940) is a musical arranger/orchestrator based in Los Angeles, California. He studied music at the 
 was born the youngest child out of a family of four brothers. His surname is that of his mother's; his father's surname is 'Chen'. He attended Chong Hock Primary School and Anglican High School, as well as Temasek Junior College. He majored in mathematics in the National University of Singapore and minored in computer science. He has received a masters in choral conducting at the 
, one of the best-known and respected contemporary jazz musicians and composers in Finland, studied music at the prestigious 
 (Rachel S. Gluchowicz) (b. 7 February 1949) is an Israeli composer born in Stockholm, Sweden. She graduated from 
 (born May 28, 1953, Decatur, IL) is a scholar of comparative political economy and the welfare state. His research has attacked the conventional view that the welfare state is in decline and has sought to explain the political origins of different types of modifications to capitalism. Swank is currently a Professor of Political Science at Marquette University. He received his B.A. from 
 couldn't bring himself to talk much about it, even to Doris Willens, the writer he selected to be his biographer. His brothers, both recently married, sent him to Emory Junior College in Georgia from which he graduated in 1930 at sixteen (but already over six feet tall and looking much older than his years). He traveled alone to enroll at Hendrix-Henderson College (now Henderson State University) in Arkansas, the Methodist school that his father and siblings had attended, but the expense of their mother's institutionalization and the effects of the Wall Street Crash of 1929 meant that college tuition money was not available for Lee. Instead he moved to Cleveland, Ohio, where his oldest brother, Reuben, who worked in banking, was now located. Reuben found Lee a job as a page in a public library. There the rebellious Hays embarked on an extensive program of self-education, in the process becoming radicalized: Every book that was considered unfit for children to read was marked with a black rubber stamp. So I'd go through the stacks and look for these black stamps. Always the very best books. they weren't locked-up books, just books that would not normally issued to children-- D. H. Lawrence, a number of European novels. Reading those books was like doors opening. Don't forget that the fundamentalist South was a closed, fixed society. The world was made in six days; everything was foreordained and fixed in the universe... . This was the time of the Great Depression... the whole country was in the grip of a terrible sickness, which troubled me as it did everyone else. And I didn't understand it until I started reading Upton Sinclair and the little magazines... Somewhere along in there I became some kind of Socialist, just what kind, I have never figured out. In 1932, Hays moved out of his brother's house into a room at the Cleveland YMCA, where he stayed for two years. Hearing about the activities of the radical white Presbyterian minister Claude C. Williams, a Christian Marxist, who had become converted to the cause of racial equality and was trying to organize a coal miners' union in Paris, Arkansas. Hays decided to return to Arkansas and join Williams in his work. He enrolled at the 
 was born in Youngstown, PA, and moved with his parents to New Castle, PA, in 1901. He was a student in the Army Training Corps at the University of Pittsburgh in 1918, at the Chicago Musical College in Chicago, receiving a B.M. in 1921 and D.M. in 1948. He also received a B.S. from 
 is an Australian nuclear scientist and recipient of the 2007 ANZAAS Medal. He was born in Longreach Queensland, the eldest of seven children born to Harold and Eileen Boldeman. He spent much of his childhood in Maryborough, Queensland and attended the Maryborough Christian Brothers High School and then Nudgee College. He went on to study physics at the 
 (c. 1934 - 18 April 1996) was a United States Air Force Middle East intelligence expert, author, and political activist known for his support of Israel. Churba was born in Brooklyn, New York City into a Jewish family which was originally from Syria. He spoke both Hebrew and Arabic. He graduated from 
 attended 
 was born on 4 May 1952, and brought up in the Auckland suburb of Panmure. He was educated at 
 was born in Alabama and raised in Cleveland, Ohio the son of Mack Brown Sr. His siblings included brothers Mack Jr. and Ramon and sister Shirley. After serving in the U.S. Navy during the Vietnam War, Brown studied theater at 
 (born February 19, 1965 in Wilmette, Illinois) is an American novelist. He is also the founder and CEO of the new media development, production and finance company Thomas Greanias Entertainment. Greanias graduated from New Trier High School in Winnetka, Illinois in 1983. Greanias graduated from 
 studied Studio Arts and Broadcasting at 
 is a three-time medalist at the International Mathematical Olympiad (two silver medals in 1976 and 1978 and a bronze medal in 1977). He received a B. Sc. in 1982 from the University of Zagreb. He obtained a PhD in Mathematics in 1984 at the 
, born September 25, 1971 is an American author and journalist. He is originally from Dubuque, Iowa, but spent his formative years in Simi Valley, California. He graduated from 
 was educated at Eton College (from 1957 until 1962) and 
 was born in Long Beach, California. He graduated with a B.A. in political science and an M.A. in public administration from Pepperdine University. He received a J.D. from 
 (born March 19, 1971) is an American fiction writer. Born in Boulder, Colorado, he lived for much of his early life in rural Wisconsin. He studied as an undergraduate at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, receiving a BFA in Dramatic Writing in 1993 and did graduate work at The University of 
 was born in Hatfield, Massachusetts on October 16, 1703. He graduated from 
 Jr.) was born in Waterville, Maine in 1946 to George Paul and Doris Boyd Gervais. He is eleventh generation American, directly descended in the paternal line from old colonial American families. His first American paternal ancestor was Elie de Bédée des Aulnais, a Huguenot aristocrat, born on the island of Jersey, of a French protestant family of Anger and Brittany, who fled France after the repeal of the Edict of Nantes. Elie de Bédée emigrated to New England in 1707. Paul Gervais's father was born George Paul Beede, in Lowell, Massachusetts, 1908, but took the name of his step-father, Gervais, when he was 26 years old. Gervais's mother, Doris Boyd, was born in Brooklyn, Connecticut in 1916. Her father, Samuel McCausland Boyd of Northern Ireland, immigrated to the United States in 1884, and her mother, Yvonne Charbonneau, was a descendant of Olivier Charbonneau, one of the earliest settlers of New France. Paul Gervais attended St. Michael's College where he earned his B.A. in 1969. Gervais also attended 
 (born in Bexley, 19 January 1938) is a milliner from Kent, England. He was educated at 
 (Jutland, 1626 -- 1690) (latinized to Olaus Borrichius) was a Danish scientist, physician, grammarian, and poet, most famous today for being the teacher at the Vor Frue Skole in Copenhagen of Nicholas Steno. Borch had studied medicine at the 
 was born in Vienna in 1849. He studied at the 
 attended 
 attended the courses of drawing and architecture at the 
 was born in Stettin. He graduated from 
 (July 14, 1887- April 7, 1971) was an American newspaper correspondent, born in Bloomington, Illinois. He studied at the 
 was educated in parochial schools, beginning at age five in the Visitation Academy in Bay Ridge, run by the Visitation Sisters, a semi-cloistered order. She attended Fontbonne Hall Academy, a high school operated by the Sisters of St. Joseph, where she worked on the school newspaper. Finally, from 1957 to 1961, she attended 
 was born to Glenn Crise, a retired mail carrier, and Catherine, a homemaker. The middle child of the family, Crise grew up in Smithton, Pennsylvania. In 1979, Crise graduated from Yough High School and soon began to work as a meat cutter at Shop 'n Save in Mount Pleasant, Pennsylvania. Crise graduated from the 
 was born at Kilmallock, Ireland. He received his education at Mungret College in Limerick, at the 
 is a Boston native who specializes in illustrative painting. Raised in Dorchester, Massachusetts, Jesse recently graduated from 
 and has worked in the banking sector for over 15 years, including at Föreningssparbanken, where he was CEO. He has also studied the Harvard Business School's Executive Program. 
 is an American football kicker who plays for the Florida State Seminoles. He was born in Austin, Texas but raised in Houston, Texas, where he attended 
 enjoyed reading natural history as a child and developed an early concern about mistreatment of animals. He attended 
 graduated in 1985 with a first class honours degree in Social Science from the Polytechnic of Central London (now the 
 graduated as an architect in 1954 from 
 was born in 1910 in Newport News, Virginia, the daughter of U.S. naval officer Arthur St.Clair Smith and Anna Lena Salley. She lived in Annapolis, France, China, Panama, and Japan during her childhood. While living in Beijing as a girl she attended the Peking American School as a member of the class of 1928. She was a graduate of 
 was born June 8, 1942 in Philadelphia, PA to parents of German and Ukrainian descent. His parents owned a millinery store. He attended 
 () (1898 in Nangong, Hebei, China - May 13, 1935) was a Chinese military commander during the Warlord Era and Nanjing decade in the history of the Republic of China. Liu graduated from the 
 was born in 1939 in Melbourne, Victoria to parents Thomas Pullen, a fibrous plasterer, and Ellen Roderick. He is married to Margaret Ackerly with three daughters. Barry Pullen attended Moreland State School, Moreland Central School, Coburg High School. He studied at 
, KT, GCMG, GCVO, KBE, Order of the Nile (4th class), KStJ (1899--1983) was the last British Head of Nigeria. He was educated at 
 (born 17 November 1957) is a British television presenter who anchored for ITV Meridian's flagship news programme (the Southern edition of) Meridian Tonight from its inception in 1993 to 2009. She was educated at 
 was born in Moorestown, New Jersey. He attended the 
 moved to the Los Angeles area from Santa Cruz, California in 2003. She attended 
 was educated at 
 (born July 26, 1957 in Burlingame, California ) is an American television writer and producer. Hanson's family moved to Canada when he was a child. He received a B.A. from the University of Toronto and a MFA from the 
 was born in Baltimore, where he studied voice with Rosa Ponselle and at the Peabody Conservatory. He also studied at the 
, born , is an American author currently living and writing in British Columbia, Canada. Dembo is best known for her work with Vancouver-based Kerberos Productions, where she is Lead Writer and has worked on the background fiction for the Sword of the Stars series and Fort Zombie. She attended the 
 was born Carol Fosher in Cincinnati. Her family moved to Bloomington, Illinois when she was 10. She graduated from Bloomington High School and went on to 
 was the son of Scottish parents, and was educated at 
 was educated at the University of Southern California, receiving a B.A. in History and French, and an M.A. in History. She also later obtained a J.D. from the 
, the son of the historian and broadcaster John Bowman, was educated at 
 attended the 
 was born on April 23, 1925 to Harry and Isabelle. Harry was a Buick worker. His family lived on the east side of the city and he eventually attended 
 was born in Honolulu, Hawaii on January 24, 1918. He was raised on the island of Oahu along with four brothers and two sisters. Wong attended Ka'ahumanu Elementary School and Washington Intermediate School, and graduated from McKinley High School in 1936. He studied chemistry at the 
 was born in New York City in 1863 and raised in Bedford, New Hampshire. He was educated at 
 (born 1949) is a Chicago photographer and composer. His photography is concerned with natural form and line and his music is theatrical, technology-based work sourced from liturgical and folk traditions. Harper first earned critical acclaim for his work defining a Chicago style of new music theater and opera as the creator and producer of many full-length original works for the American Ritual Theater Company (ARTCO). Concurrent with these projects, and subsequently, Harper's opera, music theater, dance, orchestra, chorus, and electro-acoustic works have been commissioned and performed by companies including The Minnesota Opera Company, The New Music Theater Ensemble of Minneapolis, INTAR Hispanic American Cultural Center, The Goodman Theater, Hartford Stage and The Music Theatre Group. Harper's recently completed Unquiet Myths, a suite of electro-acoustic pieces was commissioned by The Ellen Sinopoli Dance Company for Spill Out! , which premiered in 2006 and is scheduled to begin a national tour this year. William Harper received a PhD in music composition from the 
 graduated with a B.Sc from the former 
 was born in Brooklyn on March 11, 1928 and raised in the Bay Ridge neighborhood. He was educated at St. John's College, receiving a B.A. in 1950. He then attended the St. John's University School of Law, graduating with an LL.B. in 1953. He was admitted to the bar of New York in 1954. He completed his education at the 
 received his B.S. from the 
 was educated at 
 (born 23 May 1946, Reigate, Surrey) is a British stage, television and film actor. He attended 
 was born in Tyler, Texas on October 2, 1990. Her parents are Beverly and Randy Johnson and has an older brother, Chris and an older sister, Bethany. Though her older siblings are soccer players, her parents wanted some variety in their sports, so they enrolled her in gymnastics. Alaina started her gymnastics career in 1997 at Texas East Gymnastics located in Tyler, Texas with coaches Martin and Stacy Parsley. Johnson's favorite event is the uneven bars. She graduated from 
 was born on April 20, 1837, in Kinn, Norway (now part of Flora), the son of Michael Sars and Maren Sars; the historian Ernst Sars was his elder brother, and the singer Eva Nansen was his younger sister. He grew up in Manger, Hordaland, where his father was the local priest. He studied from 1852 to 1854 at 
 was born in Hradec Králové, Bohemia. He studied at the 
 was born and raised in Lebanon, Oregon. He graduated from 
 was born in England in 1907, migrating to Australia in 1911 with his family. He attended East Sydney Technical College (now the 
 was born in Malawi, where he attended 
 is the son of former Belgian minister and president of the Chamber of Representatives Herman De Croo. In 1998, he graduated in Business Engineering at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel. He attended 
 is a social psychologist. She first received her BS from the 
, a now-retired social psychologist. She first received her BS from the 
 is a graduate of the University of Las Vegas Nevada where she acquired two bachelor's degrees in the fields of Accounting and Finance and was named Magna Cum Laude by the University's school of business. Prior to attending UNLV she graduated from 
 (1947 - 1972) was a South African playwright and political activist. He was a student activist when he attended the 
 is a graduate of the University of Michigan with dual concentrations in economics and political science. He earned his law degree from 
 studied medicine at the 
 is a Rear admiral in the United States Navy. She grew up in Okemos, Michigan and graduated from Michigan State University in 1978. She received her commission in 1981 from 
, (1888--1971), former Head of the Department of Bacteriology and Experimental Pathology, Stanford University Clarence Hickman, inventor and contributor to the design of the bazooka during World War II and magnetic recording after the war, received a BA from 
 (Russian: Лев Михайлович Тимофеев), (born 1936), is a Russian economist, political commentator and novelist. The son of a high-ranking Russian government official, Timofeev graduated from the 
 was born in the country village of Timmersdale, Sweden as one of seven children born to Carl Melcher and Anna Helena (Jonson) Back. His father was a member of the Swedish military and the owner and operator of a lime kiln. In March 1906, at the age of 11, Axel John Beck immigrated to the United States arriving in South Dakota in the middle of April, 1906. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States of May 17, 1913. He received an A.B. from 
 grew up in Perth, Western Australia with his parents, brother and sister. He graduated from Murdoch University with a B.A. in theatre media and communications in 1987. In 1991, he graduated from the 
 was born in Saskatchewan on February 5, 1970. He moved with his family to British Columbia and lived there until his family relocated permanently to Fredericton, New Brunswick when he was eight years old. As a child Lamrock attended school at Garden Creek Elementary School, and Albert Street Middle School. As a teenager Lamrock attended 
 is a professional Rugby Union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership. Tom was educated at 
 was born in Budapest, Hungary, on December 27, 1927. In 1937, his family left Budapest for New York to escape Nazi persecution. Streisinger attended New York public schools and graduated from the Bronx High School of Science in 1944. He obtained a B.S. degree from Cornell University in 1950, and a Ph.D. from the University of Illinois in 1953. He completed postdoctoral studies at the 
 was born in Alpena, Michigan in 1960. He graduated from Alpena High School and attended 
 attended 
 (23 April 1934 - 26 December 2008) is an Indonesian writer. He was born in Medan, North Sumatra.After graduating with a degree in English from the national teachers' college (IKIP) in Medan in 1964, Marahimin began his career as a teacher of English. In 1969 he left teaching to continue his education at the 
 (born November 23, 1960 in Hurst Green, Oxted, England) is the British Chief Executive Officer and founder of Antix Labs and is also a board director of Baillie Gifford Shin Nippon plc, a Japan-focussed investment trust. He was educated at Whitgift School in Croydon and subsequently at the 
 (born 10 April 1977) from Scottish/English heritage is the guitarist and backup singer of the Australian band Eskimo Joe. He lives in South Fremantle, Western Australia. When he was seven he lived next door to Kavyen Temperley and they have been best friends for years. Temperley and MacLeod both attended John Curtin Senior High School. MacLeod then went onto to study Engineering/Commerce at the 
 (born July 3, 1956) is a Business Administration professor at University of Guelph-Humber and a consultant on finance and risk management issues. He was previously a professor at Bishop's University. He received a PhD in Finance from 
 was educated at the University of Illinois at Urbana-- Champaign, receiving a B.S. in 1939. He then attended the 
 was born in the Bronx, New York City in May 1935. He received his Bachelors degree at 
 is a Scottish-born Canadian historian (born 1968) and author at the University of Guelph. He studied at the University of Toronto, and at 
 and the Women's Medical College of Philadelphia (much later the Medical College of Pennsylvania); she was married, first to Edward J. Wyley, and after his death, to the Reverend Matthew Anderson, longtime pastor of the Berean Presbyterian Church in North Philadelphia. She had an extensive private medical practice in Philadelphia and was also a community activist, teacher and leader. William Wilberforce Still (1854--1914) graduated from Lincoln University and subsequently practiced law in Philadelphia; Robert George Still (1861--1900), was a journalist who owned a print shop on Pine at 11th Street in central Philadelphia and Frances Ellen Still (1857--1930) became a kindergarten teacher (she was named after poet Frances Ellen Watkins Harper, who lived with the Stills before her marriage). On the 1900 U.S. Census 
 (born May 24, 1969 in Trenton, New Jersey) is an American actor. He studied at the 
 was born in central Louisiana of Irish, Cajun, and Choctaw ancestry. Naturally compelled to create art from an early age. Despite growing up in a rural area dominated by primarily industrial interests, Will, encouraged by parents, persisted with his dream of one day becoming an artist all throughout his public education years. He earned a full scholarship to college and pursued a degree in Fine Arts with studies extensively focused on drawing, design, painting, and printmaking. Will graduated cum laude from 
 studied Political Science and Art/Painting at the 
 is a Boston native and classically trained violinist/violist who is also known for playing rock on an electric 7-string viper violin and alternative styles on her acoustic viola. She grew up learning the Suzuki method and attended the New England Conservatory Preparatory Division and studying with Boston Symphony Orchestra teachers, Michael Zaretsky and Ed Gazouleus. She graduated from 
 was the son of Arthur Forman, a master at Repton School and himself a first-class cricketer for Derbyshire County Cricket Club. Humphrey was educated at 
 began acting when he was a baby, as he landed his first acting job as a baby model. As he grew up in Florida, he has had many regional credits there including Madame Melville, The Legacy (New Theatre) and The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe (Actor's Playhouse). Alex graduated from 
 was born in Cardington, Pennsylvania. He attended 
, FAIA is an American architect. David was born in New York and studied fine arts and environmental design at Pratt Institute before taking up architecture at the Rhode Island School of Design. He completed his studies at the 
 (born 1974), is a Kurdish musician and singer. His family background is from Mardin. He studied at 
 was born in Stark County, Ohio, and graduated from high school in Canton. He became a letter carrier at an early age, and his patrons included William McKinley, later Governor and President. McKinley arranged for Price to be transferred to the postal service in Washington, D.C.. There he attended night school at 
 was born in Manhattan, New York, September 18, 1961 and grew up in the Riverdale section of the Bronx. He graduated from the Horace Mann School in 1979, then continued his education at the 
 was born in Aberdeen, the eldest son of James Stirling (1797/8--1871), a United Presbyterian church minister, and Sarah Hendry Stirling (née Irvine, 1813--1875). He attended 
 is an artist born in 1977 in Bangalore, India where she presently lives and works. In 1998, she received her Bachelors in Sculpture and in 2000, Masters in Sculpture from 
 was born to an Orthodox Jewish family in Riga two years after her elder brother, the philosopher Yeshayahu Leibowitz. The family moved to Berlin in 1919. In 1930, Leibowitz received a doctorate from the 
 is the Design Director at The New York Times. Bodkin, who hails from Great Neck, New York, graduated from 
 attended Eton College, where he became captain of the Athletics team. He then went to 
 became the preacher's son, which didn't agree with him at all: ``It's probably one of the reasons I don't like Texas. Too religious. They don't even sell alcohol where I'm from.'' Once he graduated in 1991 from 
 performed in bands and eventually decided that he wanted to pursue a career in music. He attended 
 attended 
 grew up in Salisbury, North Carolina. After high school, he attended the North Carolina School of the Arts (now the 
 received his secondary school education at 
 attended 
 was born in Ljubljana as the son of the renowned historian and partisan veteran Tone Ferenc. He graduated from modern history at the 
 (born 25 April 1947, Vaasa, Finland) is Professor of Moral Philosophy, and head of department, at the Department of Social and Moral Philosophy at Helsinki University. By longstanding tradition in the University of Helsinki, the philosophy faculty is divided into two major areas, the practical and the theoretical. He graduated from the 
 was born in Madisonville, a neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio. She studied at 
 (born October 6, 1976) is a British crime and mystery writer. He is best known for his ``Good Thief'' series of travelling adventures featuring Charlie Howard, a thief and author of his own crime series. He is published by Simon & Schuster in the UK, and St. Martin's Press in the United States. His first novel The Good Thief's Guide to Amsterdam, 2007 won the Long Barn Books First Novel Award. His first and second novels The Good Thief's Guide to Amsterdam, The Good Thief's Guide to Paris were shortlisted for the Last Laugh Award for best comic crime fiction. He was born in Taunton, Somerset and now lives on the Isle of Man. Ewan studied American Literature at the 
 (b. 1968, Athens, Greece) is a private art dealer who lives in London, England. She is the former proprietor of Emily Tsingou Gallery which was open 1998 through 2007. Tsingou attended the 
 is a South-African born political theorist. A prominent member of the Essex School of discourse analysis, she is mainly known for her deconstructionist analysis of Apartheid discourse, for her methodological contributions to discourse analysis and for her work on democratic theory. Norval studied political science at the 
, where he graduated in 1807. He preferred teaching to law, however, and after a few years as a lawyer took up an appointment as a professor in the Brescia Ginnasio. For a brief period he was also a professor of history at the principal Liceo in Verona. When his political activities cost him his teaching job in 1821, writing became his main profession. He lived the rest of his life in Brescia, where he married in 1840 and became the father of seven children. 
 began playing clarinet at the age of 10 in the music school of his native town. At 15 he made his debut as soloist in the Clarinet Concerto No. 2 in F minor, Op. 5, by Bernhard Crusell with the Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra. Swedish Television made a much acclaimed documentary about Fors at the time of his debut. By 1990 he had played the Jean Françaix Clarinet Concerto with the Austrian Radio Orchestra. In 1993 he received the Juventus Prize awarded by the Council of Europe and Foundation Claude-Nicolas Ledoux. He pursued further studies on clarinet with Sölve Kingstedt at the 
 is a British singer who appeared in BBC's documentary, Tourettes: I Swear I Can Sing. She attended 
 (1923--1972) was an Irish diplomat, archaeologist and scholar. He was born in Geneva where his father, Michael MacWhite, was sent as a representative of Dáil Éireann to the League of Nations. He attended 
 was born in Medford, Massachusetts on September 28, 1910. He received a B.A. from Dartmouth College in 1933, an M.A. from Harvard University in 1935, and a diploma from the Institute des Hautes Études Internationales in Geneva in 1936. He attended the 
 competed in 400 metres hurdles at the 1996 Summer Olympics and won a silver and bronze medal at the All-Africa Games in 1995 and 1999. He graduated from the 
 is an Australian actress, best known for her role as Minnie Donovan in the television series Prisoner. She was educated at the prestigious 
 read history at the University of Melbourne and then studied for his PhD at the 
 was born on 12 September 1901 in Bradford, West Yorkshire to parents Albert Beldon and Bertha Nicholson. She attended 
 (born c. 1948) is a Justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia currently completing his first 12-year term. He received both his undergraduate and law degrees from the 
 (born Nathanael Jackson Barlow on July 6, 1975) is an American film director, actor, screenwriter and producer. Born in Middletown, Connecticut, to two musician and teaching parents, he spent two years as a child in Tanzania, where he attended the International School Moshi. He graduated with a Bachelors of Science in Electrical & Computer Engineering from 
 was born in Galesburg, Illinois and grew up in Peoria, Illinois, where he attended Bradley University. He subsequently studied at 
, at the age of nineteen. He was educated at 
 was born on October 15, 1981 in Tzippori, a moshav in Israel. He attended Chaklai Nahalal High School, where he competed in association football (soccer), and in track as a sprinter. In 2003 Ellis enrolled at the 
 spent the first eight years of his life in Fairhaven, Massachusetts. After his parents divorced in 1985, his father moved him and his older brother across the state to the village of Shelburne Falls, Massachusetts and attended Buckland Shelburne Regional Elementary School. While initially struggling to fit in as the new kid, Fitzpatrick became an avid fan of the horror industry. Since he spent the majority of his spare time alone at home while his father worked rigorous hours, he was able to spend his after school hours watching scary movies such as Friday the 13th and A Nightmare on Elm Street. It did not take long for him to become fascinated with these types of films. In 1996, he graduated from Mohawk Trail Regional High School in Buckland, Massachusetts. He attended Greenfield Community College the following fall, but decided that college was not the best thing for him at that time. He dropped out in 1997 and entered the work force. After numerous struggles with love and money, Fitzpatrick decided to return to Greenfield Community College and finish his education. In 2005, he received his associate's degree in education. He then attended 
 (born 1940) is a Professor of Psychiatry, Professor of Psychology and Director of the Center for Children Youth and Families at the University of Vermont. He received his B.A. from Yale University in 1962, and his Ph.D. at the 
 is a well established director in Scandinavia and has since he started out in 1996 directed numerous productions in several countries for both stage and screen. His productions have been nominated for 12 major theatre and television awards in Scandinavia. Mr. Thorsson graduated from the distinguished 
 is a founder of Staples, Inc. She graduated from Cornell University with a B.A. in 1962 and a Harvard M.B.A. 1981. She obtained a DBA from 
 received his BBA (magna cum laude) from Baruch College in 1980, his MBA from the 
 was born in the parish of St Wenn in Cornwall. He was educated at the 
 (also known as J-Radical) is an American musician, composer, producer and multi instrumentalist from Colombian descent. He grew up in New York City where he attended 
 where he had 15 touchdown receptions and five rushing touchdowns as a junior. He fractured his left arm in an all-star game. He Had 66 catches for 867 yards and 11 touchdowns as a senior, 106 tackles and two interceptions. He received an Honorable Mention Class AAAAA All-State team as a senior and was selected to play in the Cobb County All-Star Senior Bowl. Tommy Tuberville said of his recruit, ``
 is an American television composer and soundtrack writer. He graduated from the 
 born 7th February 1979 in Lincoln, England is a former England and Great Britain Olympic swimmer who qualified for and competed in the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games qualifying from the British Championships (Olympic Trials) in March 2000 and automatically qualifying for the Great Britain Olympic Team. Competing alongside strong competitiors and Olympians Paul Palmer and Jamie Salter (both Olympic finalists in their own right). The team qualified for the Olympic final from the heats in 7:16.98 and placing 5th in 7:12.54 (a new british record and 5th fastest all time) missing out on a medal by 0.2 hundreths of a second. Marc competed for the City of Lincoln Pentaqua from 1983 to 1997 and the University of Bath 1997-2003 both under the Great Britain Olympic team Head Coach, Ian Turner. After ending his swimming career in 2003, he studied Art and Design foundation degree at the 
 was born Janette Muriel Sincock in Adelaide, South Australia, attending school there and in Melbourne, leaving early to work as a laboratory assistant. During the 60s she studied arts part time at the 
 was born in Louisiana on November 10, 1935. He was educated at 
 is a British architect and award-winning academic. Born in 1938 he studied at 
 (1862 in Leytonstone, Essex -- 1925) is an important English artist who specialized in portrait and genre painting, but was also involved in the plein air methods of the Newlyn School. He was a member of the British Royal Academy of Painters, and he studied at Heatherley's School of Art, Royal Academy Schools and with avant gard painters in Paris. He was educated at 
 first studied painting at the 
 has seven siblings. He completed his primary and secondary education in his hometown. After the high school, he attended 
 (September 25, 1883 -- November 1, 1950) was born in River Ridge, Alabama in Monroe County on September 25, 1883. He was educated by private tutors. He attended college at Southern University (now Birmingham--Southern College) in Greensboro. He later attended Alabama Polytechnic Institute in Auburn, Alabama, where he in graduated in 1904. McDuffie went to Law School at The 
 () (1407--1458) was an Italian poet who wrote in Latin; he is regarded by many as the finest Latin poet of the fifteenth-century. Born near Lodi, he studied at the 
 was educated at the 
 (July 4, 1826 March 30, 1897) was a Republican and a member of the United States Senate from Wisconsin from 1875 to 1881, when he did not seek reelection, and again from 1881 to 1885, when he was elected to succeed Matthew H. Carpenter, who died in office; he did not seek reelection in 1885. He was born in Caledonia, New York, and went to public schools and to Genesse-Wesleyan Seminary in Lima, New York, which is now Syracuse University. He graduated from the 
 is a Swedish economist and writer. Erixon was educated at the 
 was born on December 9, 1974 in St. Clair Shores, Michigan to Helen and Charles Roberts. She attended the 
 has a B.A. in Music from Harvard University, where he wrote numerous musical comedies and revues with collaborator Andy Borowitz, including the Hasty Pudding Theatricals's 130th annual production, ``A Thousand Clones.'' Barton has a Master's degree in Film and Television Music from the 
 (20 June 1931 -- 5 June 2010) was a Norwegian composer who had since 1982 been living in the Norwegian State's honorary residence, Grotten, next to the Royal Palace in Oslo. Nordheim received numerous prizes for his compositions, and was elected an honorary member of the International Society for Contemporary Music in 1997. On 18 August 2006, Arne Nordheim received the honorary doctors degree (doctor honoris causa) at the 
 was born in New Rochelle, New York in 1895. He was of Swedish descent. He was educated at the 
 was born in Quincy, Massachusetts on April 20, 1942. He was educated at 
 (born in Bradford, Yorkshire, 13 January 1874 -- 31 October 1951) was an English transport engineer who began his working life developing and building gas-powered trams. He was educated at 
 (1852-1925) was an American Bishop in the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, elected in 1910. Born in Pickensville, Alabama, he was educated at Southern University (now Birmingham-Southern College) in Greensboro, Alabama, and at Centenary College in Jackson, Louisiana. In 1897 Murrah received the LL.D. degree from 
 (March 12, 1915 - October 24, 2000) was an American lawyer who was born in Oceanport, New Jersey and grew up in Long Branch, New Jersey. He graduated from Harvard University with a bachelor's degree in 1935 and received his law degree from 
 is an English actress. She was educated at 
 (January 7, 1911 - November 24, 1993) was born in Omaha, Nebraska and graduated from the Nebraska State Teachers College in Wayne, Nebraska in 1930 with an A.B. degree. From 1930 to 1932, Whitman was a history teacher at Chadron High School in Nebraska. In 1932, Whitman attended the 
, CC (née Karen Gerda Nygaard Andreasen) (born in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1935) was the wife of Ray Hnatyshyn, Governor General of Canada from 1990 to 1995, and served as viceregal consort during Ray Hnatyshyn's term of office. She attended the 
 was the eldest son of the artist John Piper and his wife Myfanwy. He was educated at 
 is an American writer and teacher of the culinary arts. He holds a degree in chemistry from the 
, Caraş-Severin) to Samu Murgu, an officer in the Imperial Army and Cumbria Murgu (née Pungilă). He studied in Old Slavonic at the school of his village, continuing in Caransebeş and then he studied Philosophy at the 
 is an American attorney, director, and treasurer. Paul graduated from Hofstra University before earning his J.D. from 
 (born Antonio S. Otero Luchetti) was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico in 1888. He graduated with a degree in electrical engineering from 
 was born in Washington, D.C. to Kelly and Anna May Miller, one of the Millers' five children. Kelly Miller, born shortly after the Emancipation Proclamation, was the first African American student to attend Johns Hopkins University, and later became one of the pioneers of sociology. Miller began writing poetry at an early age, buying a pair of earrings with her first earnings. While attending Dunbar High School Miller studied under the writers Mary P. Burrill and Angelina Weld Grimke. She graduated from Howard University in 1920, where she won an award for her play Within the Shadows. Miller did graduate work in poetry and drama at 
 was educated at the 
 (born April 30, 1959 in Turin) is an Italian historian, novelist and essayist. He attended the 
 is the leading morning anchor for KPSP-TV. Born in Russia, Stella grew up in Sherman Oaks, California. She attended the 
 was born in Sitka to John and Janice Dapcevich, a nurse and a business man of Montenegrin origin. He attended Sitka School District schools culminating in his graduation from 
 was educated at the 
 attended 
 attended the Bronx High School of Science and studied philosophy and mathematics at Harvard from 1954-1958. At Harvard he was president of the Signet Society and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, graduating with an AB degree in 1958. During the 1958-59 academic year he attended 
 graduated from the Philadelphia College of Art in Pennsylvania in 1984. He also studied abroad at the 
 was born in New York City, New York on January 12, 1951. He grew up in Mt. Vernon, NY and attended Mt Vernon schools. He attended 
 (born April 21, 1971 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish architect, and was 2002 Head of Product Design at Beckmans College of Design, Stockholm, Sweden. Andersson first studied architecture at the 
 was born in the Cotswolds village of Sheepscombe, Gloucestershire, England. He is the son of Juliette (née Fleming) and Peter Moseley, a cinematographer. Moseley is the eldest of three children: Daisy (born 1989) and Benjamin Moseley (born 1992). Moseley attended Sheepscombe Primary School from September 1991 to July 1998, and then continued his education at Wycliffe College with final year at 
 is the founder and president of Polina Fashion LLC. Formerly a top runway model, Raygorodskaya earned a BS degree in Business Administration at 
 was born in Skien, Norway. He studied languages and literature at Wesleyan University, Middletown, Connecticut, at the University of Tours, France, and at the 
, nicknamed Flaming Milka by the media, attended 
 attended the University of Karachi, where he graduated with a first class honors Degree in Physics, and then a first class honors Masters in Nuclear Physics in 1969. He then went on to the 
 studied at 
 (pronounced kuh-soo-lee) was born and raised in Adams, the son of a self-employed carpenter and a small business owner. He graduated in 1993 from Hoosac Valley High School and in 1997 from West Point where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in American Politics with a Systems Engineering minor. He then served in the U.S. Army as a commissioned officer attaining the rank of captain. He left the U.S. Army in 2002 to attend the 
 of Glemham Hall, Suffolk. He was educated at 
 graduated Phi Beta Kappa from 
 received a bachelor's degree in Architecture from the University of Florida and a Masters in Architecture from the 
 studied classical piano with Linda Buck for eleven years, starting at the age of seven, and jazz piano and composition with Donald Vega, Shelly Berg, Kenny Barron and Billy Childs. He graduated from 
